Christmas Time :)
Friday morning after the last health and safety inspections were done, I got to finally come home. My dad picked me up around 10:30 and the two of us went from Brandeis to the airport to pick my mom up! She was in India visiting my grandmother for a month and we both got home at the same time :). The airport has an interesting dynamic to it if you acutally sit back and observe everything around you. Just like in 'Love Actually,' there are people waiting in anticipation to see a friend, loved one or someone they care about at the arrival gate. It was wonderful watching people come out one by one only to be greeted by family/friends and the hugs and kisses exchanged. I, too, was one of those people when my mom walked through the door. Friday night was spent in utter disarray as my sister and I took it upon us to go through all my mom's suitcases and look at all the stuff she brought back from India. Then we had to clean it all up of course, but it was so worth it.
We went to a friend's birthday party in Nahsua yesterday for the afternoon and then went to another friend's housewarming party for dinner. We finally put up our 6.5 foot christmas tree and hung up all our holiday lights yesterday as well, since no one was really home for the past month. That definitely brought about a certain cheer :). What I got for christmas:
- EVERYTHING my mom brought me from india: 4 saris, 3 dresses, 7 pairs of pretty pretty earrings, lots of fun girly stuff and my dad is getting me a digital camera. We are all kind of late with the gifts this year since I was still at school and my mom in india until pretty much christmas eve. Oh well, it'll get done. Varun's and Manasa's families are coming over for dinner today! I'm excited :). I'm going shopping with Fro tomorrow!
I NEED to see everyone!!!! lemme know when you're free! My aunt's family is coming over on the 28th! and my cousins from NJ are coming over on the 30th!! It's going to be so much fun having 11 people in the house :) :). lots of games, movies, fun cousin stuff. Now off to help with dinner stuff :)&nbsp; Have a wonderful day everyone!