Spaz Attack
I had the most fantastic Christmas. Christmas Eve was the usual with Uncle John's family (Mark got hover copters which dad and Uncle John flew around the living room and wanted to fight with them) then I went to Anthony's to meet various members of his family. Mr. Szukala was already gone by the time I got there but apparently he does remember me.
Christmas morning was also the usual. I was the first one up at 10:00 and then we all had to rush to get ready to be at Aunt Sharon's by 1:00. Uncle Gary and Uncle Scott weren't too horrible to Anthony so that went well. We started up a Texas Hold 'Em game where we all have handles and Uncle Gary, who's handle is Goose gave Anthony the name Shit. We started with 11 players and I ended up winning the whole thing-$55. I have to give credit however to the hand where I had pocket 4's...and a 4 came up on the flop, then another one on the turn. Great all-in hand for me to win when I was becoming the low stack. After poker, me, mom, dad, Aunt Sharon, and Diane played Reminiscing which slowly gathered players as we went on. Aunt Sharon was smashed again by the end of the night; proven by the fact that we were planning my 21st birthday where me, her, Lindsay, and my mom would go out to the bar and Anthony would be our DD.
Today I hung out with Anthony watching random movies and eating Taco Bell and such.  This picture scared the crap out of Joey but whateverAnthony's normal look whenever I do/say something weird/stupidI think we both look really cute in this pictureThe Taco Bell lineThe classic Roncelli thumbs upAnd I almost had sex today. But in traditional Jessica fashion I had to spaz out. And this was by far my finest spaz moment yet. I mean I was curled up in a little ball, crying and hyperventlating and shaking. Clearly not the reaction of a person who is ready to have sex. But I really thought I was before I freaked out. But I have the best boyfriend ever, you sat there with me, getting me water, trying to calm me down, telling me it was ok, that he wasn't mad or upset, all that stuff. And once I calmed down we actually had quite the conversation...all about our wedding and&nbsp;various ways he wants to propose to me. Think it's crazy if you must but he said he really does plan on marrying me. He asked if that scares me...and no, it doesn't. Sure we've only been together 4 months and a lot can happen in the future but if Anthony is the guy I am meant to spend my life with then that's the way it is supposed to be.