WOO!! Go lawyers!!
Property is done-da-done-done!!  That means one more & I'm heading home baby!!! FUCK YEH!!  I'm hating here less & less all the time which is totally awsome & we got the book list for property next term & prof Ocheje is so wise... first week of class is "exam review" unlike some OTHER courses I know of. 

I think I'm really gonna like lawyering & like most things I know being a lawyer is very different from studying law, but I'm really loving what I'm studying & it's such useful & entertaining information.  I hope it's something I can really be good at.  I was so skeptical before cause I didn't really know what's involved, but I've gotten my public speaking groove back, I like to research & write, you're never "wrong" it's all about how you argue it, I'm good on paper, I like to advise people.  It's the ultimate job.  I used to think that so many other jobs would be good for developing my skills as an individual & they all included different aspects of lawyering, but lawyering encompasses them all!!  This is what I've always done with my life, taken stories I've heard or experienced in the past & applied them to similar situations in order to predict an outcome.  Plus the job prospects are awsome, the market is UBER sweet in my home town, & the pay in this uber sweet market is equally uber sweet.  Hey, if I'm gonna work my ass off to make someone else rich, I might as well make $100 000 doing it instead of $20 000, right?  Plus I see it as something I could totally love.  Some of your colleagues probably rub you the wrong way, but others are totally awsome, incredible people.  Everyone is proud of you & impressed with you & there's a certain non-economic "status" that comes with the job that I'm not going to complain about.  

I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend law to anyone who likes to actually use their brain, likes to write & research, enjoys public speaking, who had both type A & B personality traits, working with people & helping people.  Once you get into law school, you really can't go wrong (knock on wood, touch wood, everything about wood, God allowing).  

Not to sound conceited, but I always felt I was lucky because not only did my parents give me the opportunity to pursue anything I wanted, I also was blessed to not really "suck" that badly at anything, so I felt almost like I owed it to myself & others to do something I loved cause so few people are really in a position where they have any kind of real choice.  And even I'm so proud of me that I have.  GO ME!!  ... Go me indeed...