Upcoming Holidays
We're at the big, end of the year holiday season again.  That means Christmas for me, but others celebrate different holidays in the same general time period.  I just sent out holiday e-cards to some of my friends; I had to do that soon before (a) I forgot and/or (b) I went home on vacation.  One of these days, I really ought to get postal mailing addresses and send real cards like most people do, but e-cards is still my habit right now.  I'm sure people are rapidly disappearing now that the school semester has ended and Christmas is only three days away, but everyone will get their e-cards sooner or later.

I've got my train tickets home, and I'm leaving late tomorrow night.  With Christmas and New Year's Day both falling on Sunday, we observe them on Monday at work, meaning I can take four days vacation (Tuesday through Friday next week) and get a grand total of ten days off, including both holidays.  Nice, huh?  :)  Next year the holidays fall on Mondays, so I could do the same thing, but would have to travel back *on* New Year's Day then.  I'll worry about that next year though.  All the Christmas presents for my family have been bought and delivered.  I had them shipped to my parents' house so I wouldn't have to lug them home on the train.  When I get there, I'll have to wrap them all up.  Having just one week off will be less than usual for me (I'm still adjusting out of the academic schedule), but it should be good.  We're going to spend some time with my father's side of the family, that we don't see too often, but also stop by to see my mother's side of the family, who we usually spend holidays with.  Christmas will be at my brother's house this year, and I'll probably stay with him an extra day, just to spend some time there.  Since he doesn't live right next to my parents like my sister does, I see him less often than I see my sister.  The rest of the time I'll be at my parents' house, and I'm sure I'll get to play with my sister's kids during that time.  They're really cute kids.  I'm glad I live close enough to get home a few times a year, at major holidays, to see them.  Sure, before long they'll be old enough to remember me even if it was one year between visits.  But I'd kind of like to see them now and then as they grow; that will also let them become more familiar with me.

I think I'll start doing some packing tonight.  The more I can get done now, the less I have to do tomorrow right before I go.  I will have some time after work before my train, so I can eat and finish packing.  But I don't like to be rushed, so I'm going to try to do some of it tonight.  If I can wake up early enough tomorrow, I think I'll go in 30 minutes early so that I can leave 30 minutes early.  That will also give me a little extra packing time.

I guess that's about all, so I hope that everyone (anyone?) reading this has a happy holiday season.  I probably won't be writing again until the new year.  :)