So this was Christmas
Well Troy and I got to my grandmother's house on Wednesday afternoon and she was so glad to see us. I have the first 3 seasons of Golden Girls, plus their Lifetime Intimate portraits on DVD, so Granny and I watched a few episodes of the Golden Girls together. I also got more on my family history that I can now add to the growing paperwork and pictures that I already have. 

Thursday was spent last minute christmas shopping and wrapping presents.

Friday was my brother's(David) 29th birthday so I went to Player's Choice Pool Hall with him , his gf and her 17yr old son. We played a round a pool, he and his gf drank a few and then they got on the poker machines. So they had fun while I kept watch over the drunk people. :0) hehehe However I didn't like the Player's choice pool hall. The service sucked. The people showed favoritism towards the drunks that apparently come in there all the time. But I was with my brother on his birthday and that is what mattered. After we left the pool hall ( where I played pool for the first time) we went to the Huddle House ( which is like a Waffle House). We ate then went back to their house where we watched a Harry Potter movie while my brother passed out from drinking too much. Then we all went to bed.

Saturday- CHRISTMAS EVE! Everyone came over to my grandma's house and we all ate food and opened presents and laughed and remembered those not with us this year. I made my grandma a shadow box with three christmas tree photo ornaments. One was of my cousin Mike who died from a heart attack the day before Thanksgiving; my great aunt Lillie who died from heart disease in 2001; and my grandfather Henry (who i am named after) who died from cancer in 1988 when i was 12. My grandmother and everyone else liked them and I have been commissioned to make a ornament for everyone for next christmas to hang on grandma's christmas tree. Grandma will be 86 years old next July.
Around 9:20pm we left from Grandma's and headed toward Mebane to get to Troy's parent's house. We got to their house around midnight.

Sunday- Christmas Day--- Spent with Troy's family and opened gifts here. We also went to his aunt Carol's house and ate dinner. Saw more of his family. And as his cousin Cole said, " I made a new buddy" The kid is adorable as he can be.

Alas Christmas has passed this year and we can all now breathe in and exhale and rest! This christmas season was a lot more hectic than last year. I guess that is because I actually had lots of places to be, lots of gifts to buy and lots of people to see.