I AM HAVING THE BESTEST DAY!!!!
This morning I came into work and there was present on my desk, it was from one of the VP's.  It's just a clock/picture frame that says, "Weichert, Realtors".  Kinda cheap, but hey they gesture was very nice!  Everyone got one.  But that sadly was not what made my day great...

My sister sent me an email saying that she was rejoining her gym and that if I wanted to she would sign me up for the free 30 day trial.  If I like that, she would pay for my membership. "WHA?  Uh, are you sure, I feel bad." I say.  She says, "Yeah, I ran it by Ray (her husband) and he thought it was great idea."  See, my sister has gym equipment at her house, but she only has a treadmill and a weight bench (I think).  So I had asked her if she would mind me coming over a couple of times a week after work and working out on her machines because I can't afford to join the gym.  She said that was totally cool.  So I was psyched for that cause I'll be starting on Monday.  This is how the gym came into the picture.  No, she doesn't think I'm fat, she just knows how badly I want to lose weight.  (just wanted to make that clear.  ;)  )  Anyway, I don't know who's more excited about this, me or her; because she is also a certified, non-practicing personal trainer.  So she gets someone to train and a workout partner.  Pretty sweet!  I'm hoping it I really keep at it (and with her help it shouldn't be too hard) I'll be back at my 2003 summer weight by Company Meeting for Faire.  Here's hoping!

Then we had our holiday breakfast this morning.  There were prizes that we could win.  And not crappy prizes either.  There was a digital camera, a DVD/CD Player and DVD/VCR Player.  They had tickets with our names and departments on it.  The first prize they gave away was the digital camera.  They pick the first ticket..."MIS - Pamela Rehm"!  HOLY CRAP!!!!  I just won the camera!  How freakin cool is that!  I've never had a digital camera before!  It was funny, because before everything started, I was sitting there saying to one of the managers that it was cool that they were doing this and wouldn't it be cool if I won cause I would love a digital camera!  I still can't believe I won!  Christmas has come early for me!

Now if they can just fix the heating unit so it isn't 100* in my department, I'd be in heaven!  :)