MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
So yesturday was freakin awesome! CJ came over to help wrap presents cuz i suck at it. I GOT A NEW CELL PHONE!!! Mom went and got them switched so YAY for early christmas presents. We then we went to his house to start the festivities. Donna, Brett and Kristen came over and then the fun began. We opened presents Donna got me some really cool posters: LOTR, Harry Potter, and Napoleon Dynamite. I am currently trying to decided where to put my LOTR poster at. :D Brett got me a really confusing alarm  sensor clock, tempeture, date, thing you wave your hand over it and it magically changes its cool. I got it to work but its not lighting up brett so you need to fix it lol. Oh and Bing Cosby's classics christmas songs on CD lol. Kristen got me a nail manicure set that my aunt stole so i had to chase her to get it back, And she got me this funky raindeer card that lights up "Manda it looks just like you" haha. Lets see OH CJ got me the first season of THAT 70's Show on DVD! HECK YES!
Donna also got everyone Frisby Wheezes candy aka pop rocks. I don't ever remember having them so they were trying to get me to drink soda and have them at the same time. DON'T DO THAT!! 
Then we "ATTEMPTED" to decorate sugar cookies. :( mine didn't look normal lol. But i won a prize for trying really hard I just like sprinkles. Kristens looked pretty good. Brett ended up decorating himself haha and his christmas tree ended up with a POOP spot on it lol hahaha. My aunt thought my snow man was a fish haha. Then we had carmel apples courtesy of Brett and tried to figure out Narnia Stratiggo that i got brett. ME AND CJ RULE!!! Donna, I, and CJ's mom also tried to read "I Spy" (Cj's gift to Donna) that game is evil. Came home bout 11, went to bed about 1. 
Dad got mad at me for not waking up to go shopping. But he was happy when he came home. He bought us a pool table!! and he bought something for cameron (my cousin) that he already has so it can be bill's gift or i can keep it. hahahaha i'll think about it lol :P Love you billy! 
Now to write my english paper. 

I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS!!

TTFN