GLAD to be home 
heyy!!

    Well this weekend was f'n booooring!!! Well on friday Erika gave me and steph a ride to her choir concert hahahaha man taht was FUN!! Awww i saw laurens mom and lil robert haha we sat right in front of them.... Well yeah me and steph were trying to take pics with Jenna's camera lol everytime u pressed a button it like barked or like there was a bird so ppl were jus like looking at us cuz we didnt know how to use it and there was like weird ass noises coming oout of taht thing! Well then yeahh we were like jamming out and like dancing and stuff lol and like making fun of everyone! And then the guy like had a seizure so me and steph were like all freeked out for a while and then like yeah my dad called and he sed i had to go to harlingen with him cuz my mom went out of town and my maid wasnt gonna be home so yeah i left early and had to leave with him!! Then uhm wen we got there i was talking to J.R. and playing madden with my older brother haha it was fuun! Then uhm the next morning i had to wake up at 9 and get ready for my brothers basketball game and so like yeah my dad bought me el pato =)) and then we went to my brothers game and they like KILLED san benito by like 30 points... Then after taht we went back to my dad's and like yeah i fell asleep and then i talked to J.R. for a while and then me and my dad went christmas shopping haha it was BORING cuz first we went to belle's for my cuzins and like yeahh i had to pick out all these outfits for them cuz my dad's fashion is horrible wen it comes to gurls and like yeah after taht we went to the mall and i bought ana,mel,ashley,and lauren something and i still have  ALOT more shopping to do wen my mom gets back from S.A. Then uhm we went to go eat at olive garden with like a lot of my family from harlingen cuz like i never see them and they wanted to see me so we got together there and then after taht we went to walmart cuz my dad needed a can opener? lol pretty weird but then uhm we went back to my dads place and i was talking to J.R. while my dad was taking a nap and then after that we got ready to go to the movies.... We got there like an hour early and we ran into my brother and his gf so we were playing like basketball in the arcade thing cuz like everything else sucked and of course i schooled both of them haha im jk and then we went into the movie and we saw king kong maan taht movie was baaaad!!! Haha it was a good one awww ::Tears:: then uhmmmm we went back to my dads and i was watching tv and then my brother wanted to play madden and then i like passed out and J.R. called me jus to tell me goodnite and taht he loved mee awww he is too cute i love him sooo much!! Uhm then on sunday morning J.R. woke me up at like 10 haha tahts WAY to early on a sunday but yeah we talked for like an hour and then i took a shower and everything and i had to go to my grandmas cuz like they were having a party and so i was talking to everyone cuz like none of my cuzins are as talkative as mee =)) and then we watched them cowboys get raped!! Ugh they sucked!! Then uhm my dad took me and my brother home and i gave my dad a lecture on how he shouldnt be like talking to other gurls while he has a gf haha and he listened to me and i erased those gurls numbers from his phone book cuz i really liek his gurlfrend cuz she isnt a skank and shes nice haha then me and J.R. were text messaging the whole way back and now im here bored and waiting for my mom to call me like she sed she was but im pretty shure she isnt so im jus gonna go talk to J.R. now! Buh byee!! Ugh i fucken missed alina's kick ass party =(((


I <3 J.R.


samm*