MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY!!
Yay! It's Christmas, but I don't celebrate it for another two weeks, so it matters not. Anyways, I spent practically all of yesterday reading fanfiction. It kept me up until very early this morning, but no matter. So, I'm going to force my parents to let me go to my grandmudder's house today. I was supposed to go yesterday, but it being my mudder's birthday, we had lots of guests. OH! And even better, IT'S MOTHER'S DAY!! Okay, for those people who don't know, in my culture, Mother's Day and Father's Day are celebrated during the two weeks prior to Christmas. First, it is Mother's Day on one Sunday, and the next Sunday it's Father's Day. Then the next week it's Christmas. Anyways, so, the whole point is to get rope and while your parents are sleeping, you tie their legs together and if they can't untie it/walk, then they have to give you a present. 

'Cause I forgot this year, I only got twenty bucks. Whatta shame, but oh well. Yeah so, yeah. I can't wait to tie my dad's feet together. *evil smirk* Yeah, I'm a mean person. Anyways, I would like to take my hat off to Roxanne and Karen, who have made totally gorgeous banners that I am completely jealous of. Roxanne, do you know how to make blends?? I SO need to learn...and I need an newer version of PS. It's so sad, but I want a nano for Christmas, not PS. Speaking of Christmas, Karen what did you get?? *sigh* I should go do something. I have continued reading I Capture the Castle and have continued work on a story/my watercolour thing, so you should feel very proud of me. So far, I have only two hundred and fifty dollars to spend on myself and Christmas presents, but not to worry. I'm sure my dad will give me money next Sunday and my grandma may gimme some- OH! OH MY GOD! My granny came yesterday and said she brough Little Debbie treats!! *scurries off in search of chocolate cakes* 

No, didn't find them, but I found chips instead. ^.^ *shrugs* Good enough. Anyways, gotta go! Bye~

Google

Icon of the Day: "On the first day of Christmas, my true love sent to me, a partrige(sp?) in a pear tree..."