Home at last!
The last day at Art House was allright, I stayed up all night to tell my dad to pick me up later then when we said so I could hang with Liz and others. Most everyone left in the morning, and then I slept from 9am to 1pm. Then I took a nice long warm shower, mmmmm shower. I'm going to miss the Art House shower. I love that shower, its actually taller then me so I don't need to slouch. I got to watch The Mummy which is a fun movie, I had forgotten most of what happened. It was all a blur anyway. My dad arrived at 4:30 and then I packed up everything, I did my last round of hugs, and we left RIT at 5:45pm. 

About an hour ago I arrived home. My house smells fine! Unlike my dorm room, which reaks of Teo and Justin smell, which I don't mind but apparently some people don't have good taste. It seems tonight will be my night of rest, since no one contacted me to hang out. I've already called Dave and Nick though, just to see if they wanted to do stuff this week. My band is going to be recording this week, hopefully after this three week break the band will have an awesome recording, something to be extremely proud of. I also finally got to show my parents my portfolio of work since I've been at RIT, they seemed to enjoy everything I made. 

I have a good amount of work for this break. For my drawing class I need to make and complete a full sized self portrait using charcoal. It needs to be a minimum of five feet tall, which is a whole fucking lot. Also, the campus store didn't have any BFK paper on a roll, which my teacher said they did, so i hope the art store in my area does infact have. I'm a bit worried about this project because It'll be the first full-sized selfportrait I've ever done. I'm going to use three or four mirrors to even acomplish this. I hope it comes out good. For my cartooning class I need a character sheet for each character in the comic. Which is only two or three characters but I'm going to do more then just pencil drawings for fun. My cartooning class kicks much ass, so it won't be that bad. For my Arts of Expression class I need to pick an artist, musician, or someone creative who was mentally ill. Then do a bit of research on said person. That won't be too bad, I'm mostly worried about the full sized drawing.

I think I'm going to watch an episode of Bleach and then shoot nazis, or maybe the other way around.


I'm home!