you've got me speechless..
ok so wednesday.and thursday. sucked i think... i dk lately schools been pissing me off alot.. i just wanted to see my baby damn..and freaking so much is like being piled on like so many test and exams and deb practice and this and that and holidays n idont hvae ne presents yet but im doing my best..
friday..no plans happy birthday juliannnnnnnnnn so went to the mall after school then home n colored n straightened my hair a little more n yeah tlked to mikeyyy and went to sleep
saturday woke up early cleaned the house mopped... n everything gave the dogs a bath gave me a bath got ready for deb practice went to deb practice n i didnt know what me&nbsp;n mikey were doing that night like i had noooooo clue so i was kind llike goodness..so deb practice was boring we kinda like danced for n hour laid for an hour n yeah so then mikeys like uhh i dk what were gonna do cause i have to go to the concert thing my dads doingg and i was like RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH cause i wanted to see him but not there but more of that so eventually just kinda went with the flow and picked him up n went to the mall and got my make up done i kinda liked it i sorta thought id be prettier but neways went back to mi casa got ready n mikeys mom picked us up n we went to tipitinas for the concert thing n got there n i was happy cause his dad introduced me to famous people as mikeys girlfriend :O) i was like what now bitchessss so met people then we went into the pretty house then hung out but like the jacuzzi then went by the " mixboard world ??" i dk some spiffy buisness name like that then went back to the little house place n walked around exploring like dora n found like a ROOF deck thing and it was soooooo like perfectt..the moon was beeutifulll and it was cold but i had my angel to keep me warm n it was like everytime we kissed the wind blew like so fast i couldnt even think of anything but him i didnt even realize i was like shaking cold and he was too but every second was amazing n it was totally worth it going to that thingy with him so then we went back inside&nbsp;n then stupid music came on so we went outside n kissed moreee n somethings different about him..ever since the last time i saw him at his house i dk if its he looks older ? or if his personality is different ? or what i mean hees the same but different i cant figure it out but im going to but whatever it is its making me fall so much deeper.. tonight i fell in love with him AGAIN for the bazillionth time i love him i love him so much i love him i love him i love him i love him i love him god i just cant get over how much i fucking love him 