Sci-Fi is love
Sci-Fi is, like, the best channel in the world. Even if you don't enjoy their original movies (and how can you not? They are brilliant works of humor--often unintentional, but it still counts!), first of all they are playing Serenity commercials for the released Tuesday (oh hell yes!), they are having a horror movie marathon on Christmas weekend (which, since my family isn't exchanging gifts until after the new year, means I have something to do which will make me happy!), and the non-sci-fi-original movies I've seen on it recently include The Wolfen (oh how I love this movie--the book is tons better though), The Forsaken (on right now), and later Dracula 3000. Just the other day I was thinking about it, and how I actually wanted to watch it again, and now it will be on. Sci-Fi loves me, and I love it very, very much.

J. told me he's sent me more presents (he already gave me the first ones over Thanksgiving, beautiful crystal dolphins with gold). They should arrive tomorrow or Tuesday, so I'm excited. I will have gifts to open this weekend during my private celebration. (I am not wrapping the gifts I've bought myself--while it was fine last year when I lived with J. and my private celebration included him, I think it is just sad and pathetic when I am on my own. Why wrap when I am the only one to see it anyway? Plus a majority of my gifts to myself are already out on display and were purchased while on holiday with  in Florida. They are Stitches, of course.)

I have finished my grocery shopping and had dinner. Now I can watch glorious, glorious Sci-Fi and work on my Yuletide story. I also have more diet Dr. Pepper. Wonderful evening. Next week I work four days, have four days off, work four days, and then have the weekend again. Friday I am going to see the Trans-Siberian Orchestra with my oldest sister. Then I have a horror movie marathon to watch and gifts to open and imported beer to drink and mango salsa to eat and I will buy some chocolate as a special treat. (Probably white chocolate.)