My Weekend Back in the Cornfields
So this weekend I went to Springfield for my friend Jen's birthday party.  I left straight from work on Friday night to get there about 730 pm.  They had already eaten so I had stopped along the way to pick up something to snack on.  Once I got there I had a little time to rest before we were off doing a mini bar crawl in Springfield.  We went to 4 or 5 bars, but that is nothing compared to the amount of bars (like 300 - I am not kidding you!) in the city of Springfield.  The bars we went to were around the Capitol Building with the Hilton close by.  We started out at Two Catch.  We were there for about an hour or more and then went to Floyds.  Then it was on to Henry's with Mojo's next on the list down the street.  By this time it was a little after 2 am.  Some of us left early while others decided to stay out for a little longer.  We had planned on going to the Hilton, but we never made it there.  I stayed in Springfield that night with Jen and Nicole at their apartment and didn't make it to bed till 430 in the morning.

The next day was a girls night out.  One of Jen's friends, Rachael, came up from St. Louis.  We went to the mall and several different stores and the Starbucks.  I spent way too much money, but I hadn't spent much money on just me in a long time.  I practiced a little bit of self control, otherwise I would have spent a lot more money.  We had thought of going out again to do some more barhopping (me being the designated driver of course), but in the mean time we had decided to have a movie night in instead.  Once again I didn't get to bed till after 3 am.  Today I headed back to Decatur for a little bit to see friends and family.  I had a great day, let me tell you that!

So my brother is probably coming up this week for the holidays from Texas by train.  But instead of getting off in Springfield where my parents can pick him up, he's coming to Joliet/Chicago instead.  Or that is what he is wanting to do.  He wants to see where I live and all that - I am not sure if he's actually going to be seriously looking to possibly move to this area.  He knows I will be moving east next summer so he's not moving up here to be by me.  

The holidays are almost here!!