happy christmas eve!
last night was the traditional christmas #1 for my family. it's amazing what a couple of divorces will do to stretch out a great holiday! so christmas #1 consists of my mom's dad and his wife (basically my grandma since they've been married longer than i've been alive), and whoever else from that end of the family they bring with them. this year was greg and bibi (bebe? bb?) who i have not seen since i was very small (i.e. i remember them but my sister doesn't). it was a lovely meal, and they were sweet. they live in el centro and both work at a prison. we couldn't quite determine what he does there, but she teaches the inmates english as a second language, which is cool because english is her second language too (she's from quebec). for dinner we had lamb shanks, turnip gratin, and brussels sprouts, plus a beautiful pear/pecan/bleu cheese salad sort of like the one they make at piatti that i love so much. yum! dessert included a couple of store bought items plus The Brownies, which i thought tasted a little funny this time, but it's probably just because i used bigger eggs than usual or left them in the oven a little too long or something, and everyone else seemed to like them fine. i might go double-check the recipe in a bit just to make sure i didn't misread or leave anything out... y'know, just for my future reference.

today i am hoping for one last package to arrive (something for my mom, but it's not the only thing i'm giving her so it's not the end of the world if it doesn't show up) and i've got to finish wrapping my presents, which are about half done at this point. or maybe less than half done, but i'm not looking at them right now so i can't really say. then dinner is at 5 at my mom's house... my nana has been feeling less-than-great so even though the plan was for her and her husband (less like my grandpa b/c they've only been married since i was a freshman in college) to come over to mom's, we might end up at their place in los feliz instead. whatever works!

in other unrelated news, i just got an annoyingly snippy email back from the tattoo artist who the guy at my p.o. box recommended to me. i just wanted a run-down of safety procedures and a cost estimate, and he got all high-horsey about it and didn't even bother to let me know about the price. looks like i'll be going to a shop after all... katherine, what's the name of that place in west hollywood?

merry almost christmas, everybody!