Merry Christmas!
Well, we're done with present-opening frenzy. Steptoddler, Ellie and Ashlie were here so it was crazier than usual. I actually got to spend time with Ellie yesterday, I fed her twice and played with her a little, she's 4 months old now so she can actually smile and she notices what's going on a bit more. She was totally mesmerized by the tree all through dinner. I'm so going to be infatuated with her. I got SG1 season 7, Serenity, and a bunch of books and clothes. Plus my parents paid for half my car insurance. I think I made out pretty well. I have $45 to spend at Lane Bryant too. :) My dad got DS9 Season 1 from my mom, which I'm totally going to have to steal when they're done watching it. My mom liked the scrapbook I made for her, she even cried a little. Aw... I have to go to the mall tomorrow *cringe* because some of the clothes are too small, I haven't quite lost enough weight yet. It was a good Christmas though, we had Christmas Eve dinner last night and steak and eggs for breakfast this morning.

My grades for fall finally got posted and I got: Public Speaking: A, Geography: A, Drug Use/Abuse: A, Math: A, and Geology: B. Which makes my cumulative GPA: 3.78. I've totally never had such a high GPA in my life. But then, it's not like a huge accomplishment, it's freaking Normadale after all. If I can do that well at St. Kate's maybe I'll start to be a bit proud. But I doubt it cause I saw the grading scale for one class and below a 94% is a B. And I think the C range starts around 83%. Apparently they're evil. If it was grad school, I could understand but that's just mean. I have to spend 10 hours in a preschool classroom and if KC doesn't qualify (because the teacher has to have a 4 year degree in education or early childhood) then I'll go over to Preschool PK (not the same place I worked at, however) which should be amusing, I don't know if those teachers will qualify either, but it was on the list the prof posted. I have to do a bunch of reading for my other class. But that doesn't start for 2 more weeks so I'll put that off until next weekend. Anyway, I think I'm going to go watch the Serenity extras :)