It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas.....
No matter how early I start my Christmas "prep" the actual occassion seems to sneak up on me. I can't believe it's only a week away. I'm feeling really prepared, so that's a good thing.  My dad is coming back for another week, and that makes me super happy.  Only complaint is I wish he could have come a couple days before and a week after the holiday, because I know he'd enjoy playing with the kids and their new toys. On the bright side, he's great at putting stuff together, so I know he'll be a big help building things. Today I have a few final stores to go to, mainly to get groceries, and baking supplies.  I start the cookies and fudge this weekend.  I'm excited because we made deals with friends and family to either donate to charities, or do cookie exchanges.  This is the first Christmas in a long time where people seem to be focusing more on the "thought" then the $$$ that go into Christmas.  Not being religious (more like spiritually single) Christmas has always been about Santa, Peanuts movies, cookies and presents. I love that so many people are focused on giving to those less fortunate. I was talking to my friend, Laura, who has a really large family, and she brought up the idea of adopting a family instead of exchanging presents while they were all together at Thanksgiving.  She said that went over like a lead balloon, but that lots of her family called and apologized for their initial reactions and then got on board. I thought that was so cool. (-:  Humans can be such uncaring creeps, but I'm constantly feeling these winds of change, and that gives me such hope.  Oh, great example, since we've become vegetarians, sooooo many people I know have been affected.  My grandparents (who gave me soooo much grief at first) had us over and made gardenburgers and other yummy meat-free foods in our honor! It was really cool.  I know they're secretly cutting back on meat because I have them convinced (and rightly so) that much of the stomach problems they have are because they have beef rotting in them.  And my dad aparently stuck up for me with some family who were harping on him about my kids "lack of protein stunting their growth."  He said, "she has bowls of nuts out constantly, the kids drink that "soy milk" like it's water", and that "he wasn't worried about it".  Isn't that cool? I'm happy today. (-: