The perfect companion
As the days go by I hear of yet another person I know getting married . I can't help but wounder why is everyone in such a hurry to combine lives and begin a new one. What is it in us that strives to find that perfect someone and settle down the second we think that they potentially are the one. I have met a lot of guys in the two years I have been single. Since the very day me and my ex broke up all I can do is think about is when it comes to dating I'd have to say "I don't date I have sleepovers". Is that so wronge of me to say. People who didn't know me personally, but knew me sexually might think that I'm a slut, but I'm not! I'm taking in being single. My friends tell me eventually I'll find the one, but the truth of the matter is maybe I don't want to find the one. I thought my ex was the one for me. I still sometimes to this day think he might be the one for me, but whose to say for sure, maybe I'm just lonely or maybe I want to believe that because I knew him so well and we got a long so well. What is the one? We set so many standards on what the "ONE" would be like, but in the end we know that there is no such thing as perfect, so should we settle for less or keep looking? 

Every guy I've been "seeing" has had something about them that I cherished, and yet could of had potential for a possible perfect companion, but then like every human being they had a flaw and I dumped them like trash. So should I have settled for the less of the greater or keep looking for the greater of the less. They say when you look for something you'll never find it, when it's right it will find you. What if it already found me and I was too blindsided too see. What if everything I've done is just setting me up for a bigger disappointment. I'm not sure sometimes what my purpose is in life, but what I do know is that I am going to live my life to the fullest to the end of my days and if the "ONE" finds me then God bless, and if not then I'm still going to strut my stuff and have fun with every guy I meet, even if in the end I know it wasn't ment to be. 

You must be the one before you find the one....