Hot cocoa for your holiday spirit...
Something really amazing happened at work today.  This woman who looked to be somewhere between her mid-fifties to early-sixties came up the the counter and practically gave me her whole life's story while I rang her up for her medications.  She told me about her children, particularly her son, and her grandchildren, what they all mean to her and what's been happening in her life over the last year.  She really didn't have anything of any significance to say, but I could see the tears welling up in her eyes with the love she felt for her family.  The one thing that I want to emphasize about this encounter is that she started talking about all of this without any prompting at all; completely at random.  I just stood there for the entire ten or so minutes it took for her to say all that she felt she wanted to say and smiled and nodded, only commenting when I felt it would be rude not to.  After she seemed to be running out of things to say, I told her congratulations on her new grandchild, then wished her a great day and a happy holiday.  She started to walk away and mid-stride she pivoted and returned to the counter.  She looked at me and said, "Thank you.  Thank you so much for listening to me.  I mean, I know that you are probably busy and have other things to do, but you took the time out to just let me get that off my chest."  She wiped her eyes and continued, "When I came in here today, I felt about this big..."  She motioned a short distance between her hand and the floor.  "...and now I feel so much better.  You don't know how much it means to me.  Thank you."  This small event made me consider how much we ignore the little things around us and the way that we react to other people.  I didn't do anything special for her, but it was so important to her that I took the time, that I didn't turn her away even if I didn't know or care about anything she was saying.  If you're reading this, take a moment to reflect on yourself.  Ask yourself, "When was the last time I took time out for someone else, no matter how trivial the issue seemed to me?  When was the last time I ignored someone or turned them away because it interfered with what I was doing?"  I generally hate the Christmas season because everyone is so absorbed with the tasks of the holidays that they forget that the season is for sharing, not spending; for gathering together your loved ones and cherishing all that surrounds you.  I hope you can take this with you and brighten someone's day.  If I could do it by accident, think of what you can do.  Happy holidays, everyone!