christmas spirit
i'm feeling very much in the christmas spirit today.  i've struggled with this for a while now, being bogged down with the comings and goings and the doings of the season as opposed to feeling the true joy of giving and showing kindness to your fellow man.  smiling a little easier, helping more, just plain being a nicer person.

we're having our holiday party today at work.  its nice because all the festivities are celebrated, christmas, hannakuh, kwanzaa and yule.  its all represented among those at work and all are respected equally and i like that.  i enjoy giving equal appreciation to all the festivities celebrated this time of year.

i am a christian and i celebrate christmas but that doesn't mean i can't honor other's faiths/beliefs and their celebrations and vice versa.  

i'm trying to teach my children to be tollerant and accepting.  to be strong and believe what they choose to believe and not let anyone sway them or make them feel bad for believing what they choose to but also to be sensitive to the beliefs of others and show respect.  its not an easy concept for a 9 year old nonetheless a 5 year old but we're working on it.

the christmas tree at home is so beautiful. the girls decorated most of it and did such a good job.  pat and i did the finishing touches and spent the other night, after the girls were sleeping, just sitting in a dark candle lit room enjoying the shimmering lights of the tree and the warm sweet feeling that it brought, just taking some time for the two of us and finding some peace amid the hustle and bustle of the season.

amanda leaves for her father's tomorrow and i'm going to miss her so much but i know she'll have a lovely time and i want her happiness above my own.  i will still enjoy christmas but i'll have a little empty place in my heart that only her presence could fill.  but its okay.  really.  my heart has peace knowing its the right thing to do.

well i'm very much looking forward to 3 as that's when the party starts.  yay!

happy holidays everyone.  merry christmas, happy hannukah, happy kwanzaa, blessed yule and anything else i may have forgotten.  may your celebrations/remembrances be beautiful this year.