Merry Christmas To My Truck
All this week, I've been calling every junkyard in Virginia trying to find a Rover I can get the floor pan out of.  I lost count of how many calls I actually made, but not a single one even had a Rover, much less an unrusted one.  I was starting to lose hope, when I saw a new thread on the Rover forum titled "Parting Out Discoverys".  Turned out that guy was in Virginia, down in Danville, so I gave him a call.  He said he'd just gotten a Discovery I in, and I was welcome to the floor from it.  Yay!  So, this morning, I headed down to Danville.

I'd never been that far into southern VA before, and the large amount of non-interstate driving I had to do was a bit intimidating.  However, the drive down there was absolutely gorgeous!  After taking I-81 to Buena Vista, I hopped on US-501 across the mountains to Lynchburg, then took US-29 south to Danville.  It was probably the most peaceful and relaxing drive I've had in quite some time :-)

I got to the guy's shop, and we took a look at the floor of the Disco he had.  It had a bit of surface rust, but nothing severe.  However, instinct told me to look closer, so I scraped away some of the padding under the pedals and found penetrating rust in the same spot I found a hole on mine.  So, no floor pan for this trip, but he said he had another DI coming in from Texas this week, and the floor was all mine.  I didn't want to leave empty-pawed, so I asked about some other parts I wanted/needed, and picked up quite a bunch.  I got some extra foglight switches to use for aux lights, overhead console, wiper switch, cruise control switch & vacuum pump, and a whole new gauge cluster.

I just now put in the new fog & wiper switches, rewired the rear foglights to turn on whenever I want, and got the last of the cable run for the new HAM antenna that  gave me, so now I can use it with my HT.  I should have the new floor next week, as well as installing the grille, and hopefully the truck will actually be finished soon :-D