2005
Well, I suppose this is as good a time as any to try to recap the past year.  Some of you may know that the past several years haven't been very good for me-- a lot of unfinished business to be taken care of, family illnesses to come to terms with, deaths to get over, lives to rebuild, poor decisions to be reconciled with original intentions.  It's difficult to gauge these things while you're smack dab in the middle of them.  And, it's extremely difficult to make the right decisions when you don't know all the choices.  This isn't some massive epiphany that no one's ever come to.  I guess it's just another thought to be considered.

This year was nothing short of fantastic for me personally.  I decided on a career path with a focus I've never enjoyed in the past.  I told myself that I would get back into the University and I did it.  I've had three consecutive straight-A semesters and academia is beginning to take me seriously.  I really have carved out a nice little life for myself.  I have a rewarding job that doesn't pay well, but one which I wouldn't trade for twice the pay somwhere else.  I've grown very close with a group of dynamic, brilliant and exciting people who I know I can trust implicitly.  These are the kinds of people who bring out the very best in me in every given situation.  They are gifts to me.  They know who they are, and they know how I feel.

I think, though, that the best part of the past year is the change in my outlook on life.  I don't expect the worst anymore, and I don't settle for convenience.  This has come as a huge surprise to me, given my track record.  While I've come close, I don't date anymore.  It's not that I don't sometimes want to, and it's certainly not that I don't get lonely like everyone else.  I just recognize my own limitations and my own shortcomings, and that there's a limit to what everyone is capable of.  I don't want to waste anyone's time and I certainly don't want to make the mistake of wasting anyone's time again.  People are not props and they aren't substitutes for authenticity.  I refuse to piggyback on anyone's life.  I have my own.

While it's not possible to avoid every mistake, one can minimize them.  One thing I would always say, way back when everything was wrong and when all was bad, was that the solution to my despair would lie in the successes I'd eventually achieve.  This has proven to be so completely true that it's become my prime moral guide.  It takes time and it takes patience, but it is possible to overcome things and it is possible to succeed in life.  It's supposed to be difficult and it's supposed to be hard.  That's what makes it so wonderful.  Funny that, eh?