Yesterday's ride along
Yesterday I got to go on another ride along except it was a little closer to home this time.  The deputy came and picked me up at home and then we headed it.  The deputy, Jed who I was riding along with was pretty cool.  This job has been making me feel old cause everyone that works with me is either 23 years old, or mid 30's and older.  But Jed is the same age as me so it was nice not to be the only 27 year old around there.  On top of that we talked the entire time we were riding along with each other (which was eleven hours) and that's something I didn't do with all the other deputies I've riden with.  We would talk most the time but then we'd end up going through a half hour here and there not saying anything.  It wasn't like that with Jed and I.  He was funny as hell too!  He would say some of the funniest things.  There was this one place he took me to.  And he would say stuff like, "Since you're such a horror movie fan, then you've watched the Twilight Zone.  We'll we're now entering the twilight zone."  Then he started rolling up my window and locked the doors and said, "We don't want you catching anything."  It was so freakin' funny.  

He also showed me parts of Dewey I never thought I'd see.  He took me off roading to go look at an itty bitty little creek bed.  Then to see what he calls the gonks (goose and duck pond).  He showed me all these places he thought was beautiful about Dewey.  I thought it was weird but cool at the same time cause he was comfortable enough to do that with me.  

Then by the end of the day we went to take a 911 hangup at a house in Meyer.  The girl said that she and her boyfriend were fighting and as soon as he left she hung up the phone.  So when we ran the both of them for warrants, the girl had two!  So we got to take her to jail and ended up having to work 11 hours instead of our usual 10.  

But it was fun and I had such a blast.  By far the most fun ride along I've been on since I started doing it!  Man what I would give to be able to get skinny enough and become a cop myself.  *sigh*  Oh well, I'm happy where I'm at now.