entry & survey
hmm havnt updated in a while cuz ive been way to freaken preoccupied with school.  finals week was pure hell and im glad times 10 trillion taht its over.  im also glad to be away from school cuz things were getting a bit tense.  but the last few weeks were fun.  plain white t's concert rocked and then we went over to hilltop to see kyle and then to richs room w.loren.  the secret santa party was also a success and kate and i danced around the dungeon until almost 12 in the mornign and then played games until almost 2 w.chris.  the snow day was fun too.  we played out in the snow and by played i mean the boys threw us into the snow, and then sat on us, numerous times.  afterwars we had a group orgy to get warm and then stole food from the dining hall to make grilled cheese and soup.  kate gave birth to our first child - canadian oat loaf.  linds, dallas sam & i went to blu that night which was as always fun.  however i did learn that i cannot move my hips correctly :-P  i spent most of finals week either in the dungeon or the brary or the dining hall lol when i was in my room chris, kate and allison were generally habitating it too and we all were engrossed in the lovely studies we were undertaking.  friday night kate and i gave up on studying and put on tons of fun makeup and put our hair in pigtails and went up to the boys room.  we took over sams bed and then i fell asleep and was apparntly so dead that even when they shook me i woulndt wake up.  i woke up at 5:20 quite confused to say the least byut my inabilioty to wake up amused the rest of them.  now its a MONTH off and im ridiculously excited.  new years party at my house!!!!!! and then the next week will be the UCONN gathering also at my house!  and then next week uncle jeff, aunt susan and melissa are coming down which rocks cuz i havnt seen them in FOREVERRRRRRRRR.  

i saw wicked at the bushnell today and it was amazing.  i mean glinda bothered me a bit, and elphaba was nothign compared to idina, i may be a little bias, not gonna lie lol but all in all i liked it.  i think my favorite was fyiero out of this cast. :-)