Post Christmas Update
I got to see my Dad's family for an hour on Christmas Eve.  The party was at my Aunt Pat's, conveniently ten minutes away from hospital where I had to work through the wee hours of Christmas.  I gave Grandma the cameo I brought from Italy--she loved it!  Grandma gave me a scarf, and my family "Kris Kringle" gave me a gift card for Macy's, a pair of very cool green and orange dangle earrings and gloves with pigs on the fingers.  If you're wondering about what the Kris Kringle is all about, here's the short version:  Dad has a HUGE family (7 brothers and sisters, all married with kids).  Therefore, buying presents for everyone would drive us all into bankrupcy.  So we all pick a name out of a hat and pick out a gift for that person, adult or child ($100 tops).

I brought brownies and muffins into work, thinking we'd have a little Christmas party that night after charting (for the other 3 nurses on my shift, this is their first Christmas Eve.)  Well, everyone else got to eat goodies, while I sat on watch over a patient that slithered out of bed, over the rails and fell on the floor.  He was slurring his words, and since he's fallen up to 4 times in the recent past, I feared a head injury or a stroke.  His completely confused and belligerent roommate didn't help things.

While the first 8 hours of Christmas were stressful, the rest of the day was stress-free.  I came home, slept for about 6 hours, then woke up at 3:30 in the afternoon for early Christmas dinner with the family.  My aunt and uncle came in from Connecticut.  We opened gifts after dinner (we used to open them in the morning, but at least half of my household is now nocturnal.)  My aunt and uncle gave me a digital camera (I was informed that it was also an early birthday present.  My birthday is in March.)  I got a bunch of DVD's: U2 Vertigo, The Muppet Show Season One, Thundercats Vol. 2 and The Muppet Movie.  Yes, I'm still a kid at heart.

The day after, my friends Emily, Julia and I went to the city for massages at Oasis Day spa.  We met up with one of Emily's co-workers, Eli from Germany.  I had the lava stone massage...aaaahhhhh!  Heaven on Earth!  We walked a few blocks afterwards for some excellent Korean food near the Manhattan Mall.  We sat at a table with a small grill, and the waiter brought 3 different meats to BBQ at our table.  Add in some broth, ten different kinds of fixings, rice and noodles, and it was a very nice girl's night out.