Cheyenne East speech meet
This meet was actually funner than I anticipated.  I ended up getting half an hour of sleep Thursday night, and then I slept for a few hours on the bus.  We arrived at Cheyenne East at 11:10, so I don't know why we didn't go to our hotel first, but we didn't, so I ended up changing on the bus after all.  Oh, it was awesome the way the rounds were set up.  It was set up so if you did some form of varsity debate and StuCo, which is exactly what I do, we never had to miss any of the StuCo sessions.  I only gave one speech in StuCo, and that was during the first session, and I thought I did really really poorly, like a one or two point speech, but I ended up getting four points on it, which is really good for your first ever speech, so I was happy about that.  And our whole Student Congress is just so freaking awesome.  There were four houses, and three Evanston people in every house, at the second biggest meet of the year, and in every house one of our people broke.  My, I love this team.  And I got to be in the house with Rey.  I just love watching him speak and admiring how amazing he is.  *sighs*  As for L/D, it's kind of mixed results on how I did.  As I think I mentioned before, Brent and I swapped cases, so I was using his aff case.  I did not do well at all with it.  Heh.  Actually, I only won one of my four debates, but I'm not upset about it or anything because all the people that were at that meet had at least gone to a couple meets before, and we hadn't, and I had a week to write that case, so I didn't expect anything more.  The weird thing was though, we're at awards, and they're announcing the L/D winners, and I was kind of zoning off toward the end because there was really no need for me to pay attention, and then they were announcing the best speaker awards, which just goes off how good of a speaker your judge says you are, and I hear my name and I'm like, "What?!  Why did they just call me?"  Lol.  So I got 2nd best speaker, which was neat.  No clue how I did that, but I'm happy.  The bus ride back was fun.  All of us in the back just talked most of the way.  And toward the end I went to sleep for a while, and when I woke up we were in Evanston, but then I realized I was missing my glasses and keys, at which point I started to freak out, but luckily Dani found them under her seat.  I was 45 minutes late for work today because I got home at 1 in the morning, but it wasn't a big deal.  Anywho, I'm excited for the rest of the speech season now, and I'm encouraged to do more in Congress.