Liv's get together
Just got back from Liv's get together (for some reason she didn't want to call it a gathering?) I had loads of fun, everyone from my gathering except Nathan was there.

I got there a bit late, maybe 10 minutes or so, because I severely underestimated how long it would take to walk there (I was thinking about 5 mins but more like 15) and the fact that her house is on top of a big hill which is annoying! Anyway I got there in one piece, if a slightly late piece. We started off playing, much to my delight, Taboo! However Liv had the 2nd edition which was helpful 'cause I had the 1st edition so the cards were different. Oddly, we started with red cards this time but found them too difficult so we switched to the blue cards (opposite to what we did last time). We also did a bit of team swapping too. Since there was an odd number of us we started with the same teams, but it soon became clear they weren't fair.. So we switched again, and I was with Liv + Rach. That wasn't such a great team either (I won't mention a name..) Next I was with Kate, Nico and Liv and that was quite better. I wasn't really switched on tonight with the describing but I was on the ball (or perhaps just very lucky) at the guessing part.

Anyway, people began to tire of Taboo (I can't say I was one of them, I could play that game for hours!) and we decided to watch Bridget Jones 2. I have seen that film before and it's very funny! Somehow I was the only person not to get a proper chair so I sat on the stool (which was quite comfy tho). So yeah we watched that, well an hour of it anyway. 45 mins through Kate + Nico left, and then Han, Roo, Jenny, and me left.

Walking back was quicker because it was downhill! It wasn't too chilly either.

So in all it was a nice evening. It was cool to spend more time with all these people! Liv was very welcoming and obviously it was nice of her to invite me!  Han was lovely and giggly as usual! Jenny, Roo, and Kate were all very friendly  Nico seems quite laid back and relaxed. Wow, it's Christmas in a few days! Cool stuff. Also, my grandma is staying with us over Christmas so I have to sleep in my study for the next couple of days on the sofabed. Not that I'm complaining, it's very cozy!