collaborative lie boosts my self-confidence
Well, yes, today I went shopping, and with each day we approach to Christmas Eve I feel the stronger desire to wear only expensive-looking, glamorous, glittery stuff like being the christmas tree itself... Each time I go to the city I feel like I should look special to make everybody else feel like some outstanding event will come, and thus it's going to be like everybody gets obsessed with it and also reminds their surroundings that you HAVE to feel like this. It's like an unspoken collaborative promise, like an unconscious desideratum, a deep deep yearning for a day which is not like the rest of the year ~ evoked by commercials, probably xD. Being rich, no matter what's your financial situation, making presents which exceed your saved money and receiving presents you would have never considered to buy yourself. And in the end everybody has nothing left but expensive stuff they got... *cynical*
Um, I*'m not too serious about that. Actually I'm doing it, too, I'm in the mood of disguising and denying reality... and at the moment I want it to become my future (fashion design) *g*
Oh glamour~

Today I got myself the greatest (and most expensive) tights I ever owned, with black-violet rhombus pattern. although they are one size too small (I will force them to wear out >xD), they are so special I had to get them. They're not perfect for the DoremiDAN cosplay I plan, but almost!!
<3 <3 <3 !!it's THE LOVE!! <3 <3 <3
And yesterday I started working on a peculiar skirt out of thin artificial leather, and it looks really cool with the tights. Oh I am dying to get the fabrics I chose as a christmas present from my mother! I want to make all the stuff I invented last week and wear them on Silvester and my birthday (2nd of January)...
But first I have to do the big great expensive coat I'm sewing for Haru-chan. It will be AWESOME! *_*
*excited*

Um, today I said to my mother "If snow was black nobody would be happy about it"... just some randomness I want to draw xD

Only two days of school left for this year! Only one more test, and I really want to write it because I am pretty self-confident about the topic! Yeeeehaw!

Chou happy supa happy~