merry christmas!
Well its christmas, and what did i get from santa this year? a thong... yes... a THONG>.> my mother is su cruel, getting me a thong to small for me.. any who i got someother stuff, but what i really wanted mostly came true, i wanted m friends to have an enjoyable christmas. For me it probly could have been better with all the crazy stuff at work, people not talking to me, yada yada.. terry was sick today, so i went over to get him to eat something, i succeded yay! he gave me a big pegasus doll which i adore, we also watched constantine, that he also got for me.  Next thing in line is i keep worrying about sam, hes been very depressed about loosing his gf and he hasnt been on lately, course, he might just be doing this because he just likes to see me writh with worry, who knows.. hes the same ass hole ive always known, but i wouldnt have him anyother way, itd just be to wierd.  Hopefully the new year will be better, and my baggers wont kill eachother fighting over whos bagging groceries for me (though it is hilarious to watch them fight) oh ! i also had one of my fave baggers walk up and give me a back massage in the express lane, woo that was great, though now im sore, he rubbed the back of my neck really hard XD Any ways for those of you who read this, no more alcohol for me, charlene your right and i shouldnt drink before bed.  Fo all my furc buddies out there in the net, i waveth.  Sorry im not on as much, but im still hurting quite a bit when i do, sometimes its to much for me, mainly im taking requests to get on, ill get on for karen,alex, and steve, the others are somewhat scarce you all know why.  Hope everyone has a wonderful christmas and a happy new year, even those who have forgotten me or who are justnot talkin to me for one reason or another.  Much love to all of my true friends who are here for me no matter what brainless goffy thing i do, i appreciate you, with out you all, i would be nothing more than a face with no name, with out you all, i wouldnt be here.  I thank Nick for helping me find some of them, even if he nolonger cares to be among them.  I thank Charlene, for being the best dang friend ever and straightening me out about stuffs. oh! i almost forgot! Thank you andrew! for being such a help with my depression, it always helps when someone like you is keeping tabs on me, and making sure i talk to people, especially since you can relate to the old days, i mean not even magnuss remembers them sometimes... oh yeah! magnuss came back talked to him a bit the other night, hes doin good too^_^  I loves you all (yes, everyone), stay safe over the holidays, and if i dont get killed this week, ill see you soon!

"Being human, havin your health, that's all that really matters" ~Arami, Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi