Sunday recap
So, today, Dan and I were up at some ungodly hour of the morning, so we went to the St. Lawrence Sunday Antique Market, since it opens at 5 or 6am. (Well, we didn't go that early, but it was close enough!) Dan got himself a whole whack of WW1 memorabilia, and he bought me a nifty vinyl Beetlejuice carrying case. (It was meant to hold 12 figures.) I think I'm going to put my make-up in it, though.
I bought him a book about the Canadian Navy, and a 3 glass stein set that featured one of Columbus' 3 ships on each glass. 
When we got home, we had a really good talk about personal stuff, feelings, etc. I saw some things in a new light, and I definitely feel closer to him now. Things are never simple when it comes to the heart, are they? Lots of thinking to do... He keeps surprising me, that's for sure...

Dylan was allowed to visit today for a few hours (YAY!) so we could all see King Kong! (Why did I think it was simply called "Kong"? Dan opted not to go, but me, my mom, my brother ()and Troy went, and boy, it's a wild ride, lemme tell ya! If you can suspend rational logic for a few scenes that beg nitpicking, I would highly recommend it! There were several points where I was literally twisting in my seat with adrenaline and excitement. (The stampede/pile-up scene on the island was unbelievably intense!) Anyway, at the end, Troy was actually sobbing! Meanwhile, Dylan's reaction was very different. My kids are enigmas. So alike, but so very different, too. 

I didn't make it out on Saturday, double poo! Next weekend, absolutely! Although I was invited to spend Christmas Eve with Dan's family, he says he'd rather spend it with us. (Me, my mom & brother.) It's going to be a struggle to celebrate, as I won't see either of my boys Xmas Eve (both with their dads) and Dan's father passed away a couple years ago on Dec.28th, so it's a really hard time for him. Hopefully, by keeping things low-key and intimate, we can find a way to not be sad the whole night. (By intimate I mean no big family gatherings.) Maybe trundling off to Savage will be just the distraction we need. 

Anyhoo, once again, I am forgetting something, but I will just have to tell you some other time. I have a sleepy, sexy boi waiting for me at home, so I'm gonna get outta here, and go cuddle. :)
Cuddling is good.