Christmas 2005
Wow, what a christmas. It is now the day after christmas and I am feeling the usless and draggy feeling that everyone gets on the day after. The last couple of days have been realy busy and here is what has happenecd in a nutshell.

On Christmas eve, we went over to uncle Stan and Aunt Lorraine's house for aseafood feast that was spectacular with a lot of socializing and ovall fun. I had a little wine, but I am holding to the promise to myself that I would not drink in excess and keep my head on my shoulders. it was really good to see Aunt Loraine againas I have not seen her in a while and I really enjoy visiting with her and uncle Stan. 

Christmas day was a lot of fun and loaded with a lot of christmas cheer. I was up early with the kids and they all got to open all of thier presents when my brother got in from work. That was not too long as he got in about eight fifteen. There were a ton of presents there for them to and all of them got what they askexd for. 

This was all followed up by a brunch over at my sister in law's dad's house where there was a lot of family from her side of her family there. most of them, i had not seen since Andrew and Lisa's wedding. I remembered most of them and a lot of them remembered me and asked where Merry was. Of course we have been separated for over two years now. There was a lot nmore presents opened there and it resembled a paper shredder full of kids. That was really cool and enjoyable. 

After we got home, I spent th rest of the day taking a long nap as I had not slept too well the night before. I had felt like a kid again on christmas night, but in a different way. I was not lookng foreward to my own presents, but to seeing the kids open thiers. The spirit of christmas got me that night and that is something that I have not felt in a long time. That is what I needed and came here for. 

We are now in the limbo time between Christmas and New Years and I am felling better than I have felt in a long time. There is a very dark and cold side of me, but there is a warm spark that has bneen renewed agai8n and I am smiling on that.