Christmas, baptisms, and gifts
My friend J got me a big stuffed Eeyore. It's impractical and not really my thing, but it's so cute and soft and huggable! I can't help but smile :)

My friend A got me Serenity. As predicted! *g* Full screen, which I plan to exchange for wide screen. My Sunday school teacher Uncle Simon got me Serenity. Wide screen. Yes, I have two copies of Serenity. I love these two guys SO MUCH. They know me so well :)

"Why are you keeping both copies?" people kept asking me this morning at church. "Can't you just exchange one for something else?"

"I want both copies," answered I. "I will keep one to watch, and lend the other copy out to all of you, so that you will come to see and know the shiny goodness that is Firefly and Serenity." Yes oh yes. My plan is diabolical.

Baptisms were hilarious today. The testimonies were all so heartfelt, though none of the baptismal candidates were much for public speaking. Six people were baptised in the English congregation -- three women, three men. All of them university age except one woman, who is middle-aged and has a teenage son. This poor woman gave a little surprised yelp as she got dunked, and we all laughed. In a nice way! And we all cheered too. The other two girls were okay, but the poor guys! One guy is like over 6 feet tall, and our pastor is about 5'5". Not a big guy. So trying to dunk this 6 foot university kid was definitely a job and a half! We started laughing just looking at them in the pool, trying to figure out how close to one end they'd have to stand just so the kid wouldn't bang his head going down. The other two guys were shorter, but our pastor still had trouble pulling them up again. Especially the last guy, who is under 6 feet (barely) but really built. The pastor ended up hauling him up again by the scruff of his neck! HI-larious!!

My sister and I went for lunch in Chinatown with friends, then came home with the parents and brother and my mom's sister who is staying over tonight. Tomorrow we'll drive to my other aunt's place for a family dinner with our cousins. Now is the time for cooking -- or more accurately, for my sister to cook and me to play grunt.

Hope you guys are all having a great Christmas! Also a very happy first day of Hanukkah to those of you who celebrate!