Pt. 2
Last night's antics continued until about 1:30 AM. I spent much of the evening in JD's office, playing everything from T. Rex to Afroman (Who knows? Maybe because I got high). During a particularly endearing moment, I blasted 'Highway to Hell' and rocked out in the hallway with JD's young neice and nephew. The rocking got so intense that poor little nephew threw up. We just kept rocking. JD hid in the doorway and caught it all on video.
Watching the video later that night, I decided that I could tolerate a bit more camera-whoring, so I starred in an 80-minute video that consisted mainly of myself bullshitting to the camera and featured guest appearances by The Great Jelly Doughnut, his mother, and his neice (who stole the show). I'm actually a bit jealous. That Oscar should be mine, damnit!!!

A great air of arousal took the two of us over before long, and so JD and I thought that we'd try to 'relieve tension' in a secluded spot of the house. We chose his office and locked the door. If anyone knocked, we figured, we would just tell them to come in and then realise after a few raps that we'd 'accidentally' locked the door (whoops). All was going well with Al Green crooning from the speakers as we 'stayed together,' until a tapping came on the door. Our back-up plan suddenly eluded our memories as we frantically scrambled to re-apply our clothing. In my rush, I neglected to put my underwear back on and, seeing them on the floor, quickly snatched them up and tossed them into one of my knee-high boots until the coast was clear. As soon as no-one was looking, I crept into the bathroom to finish dressing and casually sauntered back out to get a cookie from the dining room.

On the way home, JD and I had not finished rocking, so we cranked the volume in his truck and rolled down the highway accompanied by Aerosmith, Twisted Sister, Black Sabbath, and the like.

I am still tired out by the holidays. I know that I may not fully recover until 2 January, when the liquored breath of New Year's leaves my comrades' mouths.

'til then, it's going to be one, continuous party.