merryness
Happy Holidays to all!!!
Christmas was great. I got some really good gifts this Christmas Eve, a cute pair of those sequined slippers, a cute necklace and gift certificates to eat out! Can't wait to use them considering we have been on a budget and eating out means going to a parents house.

Christmas day I got some mroe amazing gifts. clothes, a black velvet blazer that is too cute for words, and not 1 but 2 mp3 players. Mom and Ian were not so good at communicating to each other about who was getting what, but I'm keeping the ipod shuffle Ian gave me and am returning the one mom got me to get something else fun at Best Buy. It was funny because she forgets that since I'm married she doesn't have to get me exactly what I want for Christmas anymore. I think it was rough on her just a little. She figured he wasn't going to get it since he switched jobs and money has been tight, and didn't think to call until 2 days AFTER she had bought it to tell him how excited she was. Then in true Mary fashion tried to tell him to return it because hers had a screen and his didn't, until he told her "but that was all I could afford". She felt bad and decided to let Ian to give me his and that we can return mine for something else. Why she had to tell me all this, I have no clue because it only made her look goofy. 

Christmas dinner was delicious as always, and we had a blast at dessert with the Montecuollo clan. Lorriane wasn't there because her dad had a stroke on the 24th, and she went to pick her sister uo from the airport then headed to her parents to be with her mom so she wasn't alone. Her father was already in the hospital because he is slated for heart surgery Tuesday. She called mom to tell her to still go for dessert to keep everything normal for her family. I really hope everything goes well. 

Then we came home and lit the menorah! Tonight we are going into the city for our traditional night out with my dad's cousin and his family to Smith & Wollensky. Sould be fun. We're celebrating Hanukkah Tuesday night with Ian's family, and mine will be there too!!! Tonight we are going into the city for our traditional night out with my dad's cousin and his family to Smith & Wollensky. Sould be fun. Wednesday we hear to a wedding in New Brunswick, Canada, which will be a nice break form just being home. 

I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday and that you will be surrounded by peace and joy in the new year.