Merry Christmas, all!
I hope the holiday season is a bright, happy and safe one no matter what holiday it is you celebrate at this time of the year.

Go, Seahawks! They won the game against Indianapolis yesterday, and looked pretty good doing so. I thought it was rather neat of Coach Holmgren to put Alexander back into the game so that he had a shot at tying that NFL record. You could just tell from the way Alexander was bouncing on the sidelines that he really, really wanted to get in there and score that goal to tie the record. I've got hope that the Seahawks will actually get into the Super Bowl for the first time, ever. That would be so cool if they finally got to the big game--and even more cool if they won it as well. It's been a long time waiting for us 'Hawk fans.

Work's keeping me busy, which is a good thing, and I'm very much enjoying being able to not leave the apartment in order to go to work. Makes everything seem far less hectic, even if it's much harder to call in sick or something like that. I have to work tomorrow despite it being a holiday off for my company, but that's no biggie. The line of work I'm in, you have to have people working on the holidays, and since I work from home, it's not a big deal to plug in the work computer and do charts as usual. I tend to have the afternoons to goof off anyway.

Still having a blast in CoH/CoV. I've got a Mastermind up to level 30 now, and my Stalker's 28. Since they gave me four more character slots on all the servers because I bought CoV, I recreated my Peacebringer on my heroes' "home" server, Guardian. This way I can pick Kitsune Samurai's pockets for enhancements as Sothis levels up. Over on Champion server, the original Sothis had a much harder time of it because I didn't have another hero on there with pocket loads of influence. Granted, my villains all face the same thing, but since they're in the first wave of villains created, it's not as bad. Pretty soon they'll have enough infamy to start outfitting lower level villains. My level 30 Mastermind's starting to get decent amounts of infamy, I've noted.

So anyway, Happy Holidays, all! I'm off to keep leveling Sothis up. Need to get him to level 20 so I can earn a cape. Since he's based off Sailor Sirius from my Sailor Moon fanfics, his superhero outfit really needs to get the cape to finish the look. I just wish male superheroes could get circlets as costume pieces like the heroines do. That's really all Sothis would be missing from recreating Sailor Sirius's outfit.