alvin's xmas party!
so yesterday i decided to kickstart my day with some kickboxing and then a facial. i tried a new mask for my facial and i think it was quite effective, if i do say so myself. its brand new stuff from paris. i forget what its called but thats irrelevant since only professional registered aesthicians can purchase it. i was looking for instructions and all it said was, for professional use only. so i had to just trust what mommy told me.

anyways, i went to an awesome new shanghai restaurant at first markham place. that place is soooo ridiculously busy. holy crap. it is impossible to get a parking spot no matter how far away you are willing to park. it was awesome food and lenny and i must go there one day.

anyways, the highlight of yesterday was alvin's christmas party!!! he is SUCH an awesome chef! clam chowder, shrimp appetizers, bread with crab sauce dip, rack of lamp, creme burlee, and cheesecake all made from scratch (except for the shrimp of course). omg it was amazing! he really knows how to entertain. and the cocktails he made were beautiful! he made this watermelon thing with a layer of green at the bottom and a layer of pink on top. sooo pretty. i really wanted one but couldn't since i was driving =( oh well i guess i saved myself the calories. but everything was so pro. like the way he came out with 3 cocktail glasses upside down and flip one up at a time as he was serving white wine. very very pro.

the games were an other story. holy crap. they were EVIL. the losers got punishments and the winners got prizes which allowed them to inflict punishment on others. lets just say jackie was handcuffed to a chair and blindfolded for 10 minutes. or so she thought. in the meantime, they made preparations to pie her! omg she got a plate of whipped cream in the face when we removed the blindfold. sarah had to sing and dance to opps i did it again and eat baby food!

ohhh and we watched video from our grade 10 band geek trip to montreal and ottawa!!! do you guys remember molnar sitting in a box rolling down the ramp? aww and our concert at the tulip festival! you guys were all in it! (meghan, janice, emily!) and of course there's a part where i totally spazzed at the tulip festival because the WIND WAS BLOWING OUR MUSIC AWAY!!!! nostagia to the max!!! all these songs which i thought i totally forgot i guess i never did. lord of the rings, star wars, cannonball express, austrialian folk fantasy, citadel, etc. oh my. it was craziness!