FInal Week!
Yesterday was finally the day for the long awaited Christmas caroling. Certainly the highlight of the season thus far. We got all kinds of positive feedback from people in the community driving by. Spreading Christmas cheer and making so many people feel happy gives me such a good feeling. Plus, since we got mostly positive reactions I'm reminded of the 20% of humanity that is not scum sucking bottom feeders. We even got free cookies when we sang "O come O come Emmanuel" in Starbucks! My throat's a little sore today from all the singing (someone remind me  to never again sing the descant to "First Noel" while singing in cold weather without turly warming my voice up) but it was certainly worth it. 
 
Afterwards we all hung out at Stephen's where the love level was off the chart! We lied around in the dark on top of one another. It was hot. We just stayed like that and talked for a long time. It was a very warm and peaceful bonding experience.

Today, I finished my Christmas shopping and bought a ceap Santa Claus suit at Party City. It's a pretty good suit except for the beard kinda sucks (as most fake beards do) and I seriously think the blet was made to fit a real Santa. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I put the belt on the tightest hole and it was still literally 4 inches too big for my waist. So now I have another costume to wear for the week since we have 4 days before the break this year instead of just 2. I'm not sure whether I should save Santa Claus for the last day or Captain Christmas for the last day. Either way I will also do my traditional candy cane distribution on Wednesday and Thursday.  I'm really lookin forward to this final week before Christnas! : )

If you've ever driven in your car with the heat on but the windows down...u might be considered a freak!

SPECIAL LOVE:
The Christmas Caroling Crew- Stephen, CJ, Kyle H., Billy, Amanda, Steph,  Abby, Oivia,  Robyn, and Kati who couldn't come caroling but did manage to make it to the massive orgy at Stephen's afterwards!!