Hi everyone!
so its like 2 days after christmas. and i have nothing important to do today except hang out with my baby and relax! thats a nice feeling. lets see, last week i worked like 5 days and so did baby. he worked christmas eve but neither of us worked christmas horray. i went to my parentals on christmas eve and had wolf stew and opened a few presents by the fire. i love fires. i could stare at them all day. then on christmas day i went to parents again, had breakfast, cooked our dinner, ate our dinner yum!, and then opened presents. good stuff. i gotted my pretty green puffy coat! and a couple of really pretty necklaces and a cool pendulum thingie that makes designs in sand. i can stare at that forever. and i ate too much toffee and cookies and it was good stuff. and my baby boy got me a really cool head massager and a heat pack that goes around your neck and feels sooo good and smells really nice and like takes away your aches and clears your sinuses and is just awesome. and around 5 on christmas i went home to be with my baby man. we went out to get him some food and then went to blockbuster to get movies cuz for some reason they are open on christmas. and then we just relaxed and it was all around a good christmas. and then yesterday baby had to work poor man. really busy cuz of all those exchanges and stuff. i went to see the family stone with lenny. twas funny and cute and then it got sappy. then we went to beaners but didnt want to stay there so we went to dennys instead and haz mat came to join us and that was good fun. oh random, i went to the doctor last week cuz my knees have been absolutely hating me after soccer, so much so that i can barely do stairs or kneel. and the doc was like i think you have osgood's slaughters (which kirk totally diagnosed too!) and doc wants me to get xrays cuz i shouldnt have that cuz i'm too old. and i just want to be able to play soccer damnit! so hopefully, something gets figured out and i can keep playing soccer cuz i signed up for it next semester again so there. and i really cant believe december is almost over cuz i swear that was like the fastest month ever. and that means its almost 2006 which is kinda crazy too. i cant figure out if i feel old or young. is that weird? anyway i like todays date and i'm going to spend time with my sleeping love. hehe by waking him up.