My christmas.
Well I know I have not wrote in this in long time. Its only because I really have not had much time or Its just the same old soft to write about and it just gets boring after awhile. So I will tell you all about my christmas this year.

This year was such a good christmas and followed by the past christmas. Christmas morning my family and I woke up at 7, so we can open present. I got a lot of nice things like clothes, pjs, a computer chair, dvd, computer games, flat iron, shoes, heating pad and a stereo for my car!!!!! ahh the best gift ever lol. After opening gifts. We all headed out to go too church at 8 until 9. After church I came home and helped clean up because my extended family was coming over. I took a shower after that. Then came downstairs and layed down until joe came over. When he arrived we gave each other christmas present and I loved all my gifts they were nice. I got perfume, a comfy ass blanker, a gift certificate, a scarf and exorcism or emily rose!!! 

We just hung out with my fam talked, watched movies. It was nice then around 2:30 my family started to come over. I gave danielle her gift and then just talked, told each other what we got. Then around 3:30 Joe and I decide to go too his house and chill there until we went to his aunts house. He opened his present and I gave his mom her gift she loved it!! Its soo cute though its a snowman snow globe and you press a button and it lights up and sings. We went to aunts house it was nice good food. We had steak, stuffed mushroom, baked potatoes, salad. It was such a good meal better then what I would of ate if I stayed home. After dinner we just hung out watched the football game and talked. 

After his aunts we went to his mom for a lil bit and then he took my home. My family was still their so danielle and I played the sims till 12 and then thats when everyone left. 

I had such a good christmas and not beacuse of the present more like I got to spend it with my lovr and I was so happy for that!! 
*I love you hunnie*