Chattier...
I am certainly chattier than usual this month! It is due to the lack of tests and papers:-) Whohooo! Super-duper-congratulations to my very good friend C. for her STUPENDOUS academic showing this term!!!!! You ROCK woman:-) 
Now on to THE day- the BIG Christmas EVENT... Although we do not really celebrate it ourselves, we do participate in a limited capacity with family and friends. Seeing as how the children of everyone we know are waiting for Santa, we have tried to get them each something we wanted them to have this year:-) We know that they will all get many, if not all, of the gifts they asked for, so we go outside of that and get small yet 'bookish' ones:-) Yeah, okay, so we buy books! :-) Our niece does not read much so we bought her some neat books that we hope she may find interesting. Of course our nephews are avid readers, so we got the eldest some classics ('Call of the Wild', etc.) in a boxed set, the next one is getting a fantastic one called 'Muddle Earth' (I liked it so much I got one for C.'s eldest also:-) and a 'classic' hardcover, 'The Lost World', and the youngest will get one about Spiders and a deck of cards (Spiderman ones)- he is the little one after all:-) It will be a blast- I LOVE visiting with family! That is what this holiday means to us- getting together with our families and enjoying the happy children:-) 
One the school front, I have only one of my grades so far- I got an A+ in my ENGL 322: Stylistics class... so far so good (I am NOT expecting anything even close to that in my other classes, but we can always hope...) I am sooo close to a 4.0 average!! I have 3.9 right now- how frustrating! Oh well, I must apply myself more for the next two terms then I might pull it up. If I do, then it is likely that I will be able to have my graduate school paid for! Well, even if I only manage to keep it 85% ('A') I will get to be on the Dean's list:-) What a great thing that would be- go out with a BANG! 
So, I am off to watch a movie, or read, or play on the computer... something fun anyways:-) This next few days will be fun, I am anticipating a great time:-) 
Happy Holidays to all...