Now thoughts of u consume me,and i wanted u to knw tht ur the brightest shining star ive ever seen !
Well christmas is over for another yr !!
and this yr's has got to have been the best one ive had!!
i got some seriously good presents, ate far too much and felt sick more times thn i really should have and also was on the phone for quite a large part of the day !!
So anyway, i gt my new computor and my zen !!however, daddy forgot to order a modem for it, so im stillusin this olde fucked up thing until he either gets me one or my computor gets sorted out, so my awesum new computor with a flat screen is still in its packaging at the bottom of the second flight of stairs!! 
anyway, i got all the cds i wanted so im totaly chuffed!!
i was so shocked how good hopesfall and the beautiful mistake were!!
they were probs the best !!
i also got my we are scientists which was awesum and my test icicles which was pretty good 2!!
yeh so on christmas day, grace phoned, then dean phoned quite a few times whn i was at grandma & granpa's so i didtn take my phone with me, so he phoned again later on tht afternoon, he was tellin me bout his new wet suit and the pair of vans tht he got !! thn in the evening i phoned up jessy to see how her day went !!
and it turns out she got a new computor and a photo ipod !! so everyone had an awesum christmas!!
so dean invited me to go to newgale with him yesterday but i couldnt cause of our boxing day thing, so i think i'll give him a ring later on even tho its like 9 at nite now!!lol
yeh so today has been fun.
me nd grace went dwn the haven to meet daf & dunk who were goin on their new longboards!!
i wore my new coms which i kept gettin dirty:( !!
and dunk also got a pair of vans 4 christmas!! they r so cool, they r like lime green !! who would have thought anyone could like lime green shoes!!
wat a shocka !!
anyway, its new yrs eve on saturday !! so awesum !!
we r goin dwn the castle in little haven , the theme is "stars" so me nd the girls were gonna go as the powerpuff girls !! hehe
but now we r jsut goin all nicely dressed(as always) and im gonna get sum fake eyelashes and wear my new sparkly eyeshadow which i got!!
its awesum , they are threee little pots and they r called" Swinging Sweeties" and of course they are from the benefit counter!! :D:D
yeh so anyway, im off now!!
im listenin to this cd which i copied all of emilys decent songs off and im on the ashlee simpson track and its sooo goood, so i have to go dance now!!
X al X