Weekend Summary
Friday, I attended J's office holiday party, and met her coworkers. Her library (she's a medical librarian) is small, but neat and tidy, unlike my firm's bursting-at-the-seams facility. My office is cold, sleek polished stone and stark stainless steel, while J's is plush carpeting, and dark, tasteful wood. Good food, but alas, no alcohol.Saturday, we met up with J's friend J in Silver Spring for lunch and a movie. We had Middle Eastern food at Lebanese Taverna, did a little holiday present exchange, and saw the film version of Rent. It was very good, and according to J, very faithful to the stage musical. Again, I set myself up with an aisle seat, so as to get up and stretch my legs every so often. These 3 hour long movies are tough to sit all the way through, no matter how good.We did a little shopping in Silver Spring, stopping at the excellent hardware store Strosnider's, and picked up dinner at Whole Foods. We lugged all our booty on the Metro, it's only 4 stops from home, with a transfer at Fort Totten. Much less stressful than fighting holiday traffic and dealing with parking at either end.Tonight, we stayed in and watched yet another movie musical, The Sound of Music. I hadn't seen it since I was a kid, and I really enjoyed revisiting it. The restored and digitally remastered DVD was recently released, so they must have showed it on television as a tie-in.Seldom does a lighthearted musical, featuring cute childen, take such a dark turn as when the Nazis begin harassing Captain von Trapp in an attempt to get him to join the Kriegsmarine. In real life, he was a WWI naval hero for the Austro-Hungarian empire, so the Nazis probably wanted him to join them to further secure the admiration and cooperation of the Austrian people. Pretty powerful stuff. Its influence extends to The Simpsons, believe it or not. The scene where the Simpson family escapes from the Ronald Reagan Re-Education Center (episode FABF17) during a stage performance is clearly based on the scene in Sound of Music where the Von Trapps escape from the Nazis under similar circumstances. Excellent!