you're not from NYC you're from Rotherham
Had an ok day yesterday. Parts were great, parts less so. Lectures were pretty good, although out of well over 300 people only 18 turned up for Pro Studies. *18*!!! Then got home and went pretty much straight out again to the pub with Will and Robin for a 'Will's handed in all his work woo!' clebratory drink or two.. then discovered I was late to meet , but she was running late too, as was  so that was ok. We went to Wagamamas and had *amazing* noodles. like, the best things I had ever tasted. wow, so so good. and swapped xmas presents and and generally were christmassy. 

Went back to Manor and went to Ramshackles with some of the people from the first floor and... I don't know. I really felt just bored. I've kind of gone off them a bit. There's a really obvious divide on the floor, and some of the bitchiness, while not terribly overt, is really beginning to effect me. I really love Charlotte and Katie, they're my best friends down there, but some of the others intimidate me a bit, and I feel like they actually couldn't care less if I was there or not. I figured being in an all girls house would just be like being back in the common room at Newstead ie like one big happy sleepy slightly crazy family but it's really not. Am I romanticising Newstead? Maybe I just never really noticed any bitchiness. I don't know. At the beginning of the year I spent a lot of time downstairs and not much with my floor, but now I really love being on the top floor. Helen, Laura and I get on really well, and Ching-Wan and Tip as well, we all have our own friends who we go out with and so no one feels left out.  And even when we're all here there's not enough people to be clique-y!

Anyway, ended up going home with Charlotte early (the music was crap anyway. Bloc Party make rubbish DJs. The dancefloor was emptying by 1) and just having a good old moan, before starting on politics and putting the world to rights.... so a good beginning and end, just a bit of a blah middle.

But! Am going home tomorrow! woo! and so to pack!