I feel kind of like a pedophile ... but the slut likes it anyway.
Christmas Eve was good this year. ^^ I went over to Ame's parent's house, and was surprised and pleased to find that everyone liked my gifts for them way more than I had expected them to. Especially Ame's dad. ^^ It's good, because I felt bad about begging him to drive me to work at the last minute those two times before, and had tried to get him something extra special (despite having no clue, really, what he liked -- all I knew was that he liked cars, had a good sense of humour, and knives are good. Getting something random from each of these categories proved to be amazingly successful.)

I didn't get the psp I had been expecting for Christmas, but I did get a camcorder that I had eyeing recently, and that is far more expensive. To test it, I videotaped a small penguin plushie being brutally destroyed with an exacto knife. It looks good. ^^ I'm definitely going to have to buy myself a psp within the next few months, though. And maybe an mp3 player. So, my attendence at Sakura-con totally depends on whether or not I can keep my job after January. Nobody's said anything to me about it yet. ;__<; I'm the youngest one there, though, and that makes me nervous. Hope for me~

But anyways, and more importantly than any of that -- I got my PS one today! ^____^ He's so cute!! So much smaller than the original version and the later models, and he's all soft lines and smooth casing. He's a very light gray, almost white, and is slightly larger than a paperback. I love him. *loves!* I got him for cheaper than he was originally, because the computer insisted that he didn't exist (unsurprising, considering how freaky it is that they had one in the first place) and no one could remember exactly how much he was supposed to be. They even had memory cards for him! Not particularly attractive ones, being non-sony, but they'll do. I spent all evening playing FF7, and just vacated Midgar. Rufus was a coward and escaped in his helicoptor the second Cloud got his limit break, but otherwise it's all good. 

...Still, I must go molest play with my PS one some more. We've only just met, really (Xbox habits make me press 'cancel' instead of 'okay') and I want to see if it's possible to take out the Midgar Serpent below level 20.