this is wierd
So, Sunday is where it all began. I had this guy that I thought was very cute from him gay.com picture and we had talked and he was very nice. Well, we decided to finally hang out on sunday and get coffee. We had an awsome time. He was great to talk to and he was very interesting. He had things to say and it was great. I hadn't had a conversation like this with eric. So, I went back to his house and we watched a movie. when around 8:30 or 9 hit, we left and went to albany for karaoke at oh  bar and had an awsome time. we hung out, he held my hand a bit, it was great. OMG did I mention that when he talks to me or I am talkin to him, most of the time, his eyes are looking at mine. I love that. There was no wierd silence in the whole time we were together. That happens all too much with me and I hate it. I love to talk and be spoken to. So anyhow, the next night I talked to him online and then before I went to work on tuesday, I went to his work and invited him to a movie that night. Well, we didn't end up going we just went to dinner and watched a movie at his house. I loved it. I much prefer watching a movie at home but this was awsome. We were all cuddled up on the couch an dholdin hands and shit. I wanted to melt right into his arms forever lol. well, I am not that into him yet but it felt great.  I have even gotten a few kisses outta him lol. So, then tonight, I went over tehre after work and I was going to see if he would wanna go shoppin with me. I had to buy last min. pressents for people. He said no and he was tired from the night before cuz I kept him up late watchin the movie lol But I sat at his house for like 2 hours almost and we talked and talked and talked. it was great. I can't wait to see him again. I know that someone is tellin me that he is not a good bf and all this shit but you know, I am willing to give him a chance. I don't like to listen to the idle gossip of others. anyhow, its late so I am being breif but I will go into greater detail later. MWAH my faithful readers. the like 1 or 2 there are out there lol