wooo 6 months!
First of all I just want to say HELL YEAAAAHHH TODAY (well ok technically yesterday but whatever) is mine and Andrew's 6 month anniversary! Time really flies by, but I'm so happy that I've spent half a year with the most amazing person I've ever met <3 now, if only he wasn't in Florida...but oh well I got to talk to him this morning and a little later tonight so that was good =)

Anyway, I would say my break's going pretty well so far. I was really lazy most of the morning and afternoon but I got to watch my Maury :D then just basically sat online during the day and then at night I went to the mall and met up with Tori there... then Brandon came and with their help sort ofish haha I found another thing to give my love as part of my big present I'm giving him on my birthday :D (yeah we figured we'd just exchange Christmas(or well Hanukah for him)/anniversary presents on this day). I can't wait to give him all this stuff I have for him! Anyway, then we got in Brandon's truck that smelled like apples... it smelled amazing haha and we went to the new Starbucks that just opened and I got a caramel frappucino which I haven't had in MONTHS. So fun times there then they dropped me back off at the mall and I went home with my brother who was there returning stuff. Anthony and I went home for a bit and then we went to Blockbuster, because hes signed up on blockbuster.com and he gets a bunch of coupons for free rentals and stuff, so we rented Saw and Madagascar =). We watched Saw tonight... yeah, such a great movie to watch late at night :p. The stuff in it still freaked me out even though this is my 3rd time seeing it. I still jumped at some parts.. sad right? Haha. I can't wait to watch Madagascar too! =)

Ahhh so many more days left of break =) what a wonderful feeling.

I love you so much Andrew! More than anything in the world, and I just wanted to say it's been the best 6 months of my life, thanks to you. I don't know where I'd be without you or what I'd do without you in my life... you're a part of me now and I'll love you forever, no matter what 
Until next time...