I Love Muvco
I Love Mucvo! The vibe there is just a lot more happier! Its freaken awsome. Soo yesterday, said goodbye to all my friends and told them I'll see them in 2006! Ugh, we grow up so fast! So Elizabeth came home with me to my aunts house and we hang out there, watched the SiFi channel and then my mom was coming was on her way home, so she had to go, cuz her mom was picking her up later that night! Her brother is coming back from the Army! We all Super Happy! Cant wait to see him, and see how much he grew up! Anyways, so then I called Tali and found out that we were going to the movies, and as always we picked Regol, but the Miguel called he told us that he wasnt going to there, he was going to Muvco, and we were really pissed..he told me the list of people that were going to Muvco and right there in then I wanted to go! So I changed Tali's mind, and we all ended up at Muvco. So then movie we all picked was King Kong at 6:50! I got there a few minutes early... but then Beaka came! So we hang out and waited for everyone else, and Miguel and Bryants came, Tali calles me and she's like we're living in another 18 minutes! I was like what the hell, the movies is already starting! Then we went back in forth with that.. and by the end of it I was really pissed at Tali! Like really mad! So then Bryant cheered me up like he always does, and then left to the movie :( So me and my cousin just waited there, played some game, the games stold 3$ from me! ugh..lol.. Then Andrea came! I was soo damn happy, Kevin and Vanessa were there too! WooT wOot! So we all bought are tickets, and then Tali calls but I didnt bother picking up the phone, and Cristina called so I guess it was important, so she tells me to buy her ticket! I was so pissed, so i just hung up and bought them their damn tickets.. Then Spencer came! and a few minutes later, Tali and Cristina came too. Ugh, so we all hug and what not.. off to the movie! The movie was fucking amazing it was awsome! It was funny as hell! I feel so bad for Andrea cuz i was talking through the whole movie, but I made her lough! Alot ! and then she had Tali on the other side talking as well! The whole time at the movies was freaking awsome! I loved it, we had such a fun time! Then after walked to Dairy Queen and met up with Miguel and Bryant.. I didnt hang out with them as much as I wanted to. Then I left! Now Im Up and Hung Over! Going to The dentisT BYE!