Brad, can't you feel the glory!?
Hello kiddies. I hope you all had a very merry Christmas. Last night we did the classic church then grandma's house routine that I've been doing my whole life. It was a bit weird this year since there were no presents to unwrap and we all knew that today would not be the same without Keith, Karen, Brandon, Garrett,and Kylie but we all managed to have a good time. I always feel much cooler than I actually am after hanging out with my whole family because for some reason they all find me to be hilarious and last night I had many of them in stitches for some reason. It may have been that I was on a sugar high from eating more sugar in about 45 minutes than I have in 3 weeks. Including stuffing an entire empire biscuit into my mouth in a tribute to uncle Keith, that was tough stuff. This morning I woke up, put on my simpsons Christmas undies, and candy cane socks and headed downstairs to a mountain of gifts. I got so much stuff this year, everyone (esp. Santa, went way overboard) I got clothes (including a sweet Harry Potter shirt and ahh real monsters shirt), numerous books (including 2 Edward Gorey books) and movies (including a Fraggle Rock dvd) and while I did not get a puppy I got the 2 next best things...the Misfits box set and The Complete Calvin and Hobbes!! I know! There are not 2 better presents in the world. I was blown away and was about to argue that way too much money had been spent on me but my mother said she got major deals on both so that's why I got both. I just couldn't believe it. The Misfits set comes in a coffin box which of course is amazing. The Calvin and Hobbes set weighs a ton and is seriously the coolest gift I have ever received. It's beyond amazing! I was really happy that sarah and brad likes the gifts I got them. It's always a wonderful feeling when you give someone something they get excited about. Then the 5 of us had some homemade pancakes thanks to my pops and cleaned up and sat around till Grandma, Aunt Kathy, Laurie, Melinda and Steve came over. I must say it was a bit of change not having all 16 of us there and Melinda being married but it was a lot of fun. Good food, good company, good stuff all around. I ended the evening with Bradford watching the highly amusing and underrated Disney movie the sword in the stone. That movie rocks the house. I should be really tired since Brad woke all of us up at 6:45 this morning and I have not had time for a nap but I'm still feeling pretty good. But I'm going to get going none the less. I think I might read a bit of Frankenstein which Jena was kind enough to give me this year. I hope to see all of you on Thursday! It's going to be a sweet party (I mean come on it's called the After Holiday Formal Christmas Dessert Party...or something like that and with a name like that you know it's going to be good). I would like to see all of you there! I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas and if you suck at life and don't show up Thursday then I will wish you a happy new year now via live journal rather than in person. Be safe, be happy, get drunk if you like and if you have someone to kiss please do so at midnight. "This worlds a mess, take care of each other" and Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!