Christmas is near!
Aah yes Christmas time is near, but one lucky little boy (that would be my nephew of course) has a birthday coming in just 2 more days.  Julius is going to be 8!  I've been with him every day for all but the last 6 months, and believe me.. time goes by so fast it is just amazing.

I have Kirk and Kristal coming up from Oceanside on the 20th and they'll be leaving the 23rd.  My brother has invited everyone back up to Seattle for the holidays so when Kirk and Kristal leave I will be driving up with my parents and their dog in one car.  Why one car I don't know..  I asked Jeni if she would like to come but her parents would like her to stay here with them for the holidays so I only get 5 more days with her then we're apart for an entire week.  I'm sure we can manage, since we'll be talking every night anyways.  Jeni will be looking after our dog while I'm gone.  Did I mention we got a dog?  A terrier puppy, nothing like what I'm used to (always had golden retrievers) but she is so cute, and I've always wanted a smaller dog for myself.  We named her Molly.

Kirk and I will be going snowboarding at Tahoe once while they are here, that will give Jeni and Kristal some time to get to know each other.  They should get along great they both enjoy the same things so I'm not too worried about that.  I want to take them up to see my parents' house that they are building, which will finally be completed in the spring.  The rest of their vacation is up to them and whatever they would like to do.

Anyhow, when they leave back to Oceanside I'll be going to my parents' and we will begin a long extremely boring 14+ hour drive (14 only when there's no snow) to Seattle where I'll be spending Christmas eve through either the 29th or the 30th.  I'll be visiting a few old friends that I found again since moving to Reno and since Kirk isn't seeing his family I thought I'd at least stop by his sister's and see how she and her baby are doing.

That's it for now, I haven't found any songs that go with my mood lately that I've wanted to put lyrics up for but pretty much any happy song works.  As for random lyrics, I might post some tomorrow if I can find the CD I have the song on, we'll see!

Happy Holidays
 --Mike