Twas the morning before Christmas...
...and I just got twelve hours of sleep.  Seriously, I don't know when the last time I did that was.  Perhaps it was because I had a beer at dinner, then when I got home and was having wicked allergies, I took two Benadryl.  However, I was falling asleep in my chair prior to taking the Benadryl, so I don't think that was the only reason.  Needless to say, I had some pretty fucked up dreams.  So at eight o'clock this morning when the dog was jumping all over the bed to go for a walk, I figured I might as well take the opportunity to get up and enjoy the beautiful morning.  Does anyone else get serious lower back pain when they sleep for too long?  Ever since our honeymoon and sleeping on the ground in our tent every night, that's happened to me.  It gets to the point that even though I want to sleep more, I just need to get up and walk around to try and stretch it out.  I don't know how people like Jay Davis can do it.  Senior year, he'd sleep for something ridiculous like 16 hours, wake up, come downstairs, go to the bathroom, have some food, and then go right back to friggin' sleep again.  I just don't get it.

I'm really psyched for it to be Christmas, but it's a little wierd to not be doing the usual Christmas rituals.  This morning, all I want to do is get all dressed up and go see "A Christmas Carol" at Trinity Rep.  Couple that with no Mim's house tonight for the first time in my life, and I don't quite know what to do with myself.  Oh well, new traditions have to begin somewhere.  From here on out, Christmas will be all about Ollie and that's totally fine with me.  I can't wait until we can take him to Trinity every year and make that his very own Christmas Eve treat.

Speaking of the little one, when is he going to get here already?  I know Devan's due date is not until next week, but I'm starting to get anxious.  I just want to see him and hold him and not have to wait anymore.  At our midwife's suggestion, I have now begun to encourage Devan to eat spicy food at every opportunity.  If that means secretly slipping Cayenne powder into dinner, I'm not above it.  Get those intestines working!  Come on baby!