Ho ho ho
I hope you all had a wonderful holiday weekend. I had a good time. I got to sleep on my mom's feather mattress, cuddle the puppy, watch Charlie Brown Christmas and Bad Santa, and work a puzzle with my folks after a game of Parcheesi. I got to play with my "baby" cousin, who is now old enough that he mimics things that I do for extra fun play time. I took Boy to see The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe after he came home from Tulsa and I made a nice DVD shelf using zip ties and 99-cent baskets from Big Lots, so now we don't have to dig through stacks of videos to find what we want. I found some great treats for the ratties that look like little pies. My dad cooked us scrambled eggs. It was great. 

Boy and I both made out like bandits this year, as my Dad would say. This is the first time in a long time that I've gotten everything on my Christmas list, so I'm anxious to get home and find places to put things away so I can start learning how to use my new machiens. I got a bread machine, a sewing machine, and a multi-use digital camera (that may need to be exchanged, as it came out of the box scratched). I got socks with pockets in them and the new Fiona Apple CD. Boy's family sent me some gifts, which was very sweet and flattering. His mother gave me a neat necklace and a funny coffee mug, and his aunt sent me an enormous candle. Thanks to noblexperiment and zolary for their great gifts!!! :)  I got some new things to read, including a fairy book from my grandmother, a druidry book from my mother, and a Starhawk book from my aunt. It's flattering to get pagan gifts from a devout Catholic (she even picked a good one). I have a fuzzy pen to take to work and two new sweaters. My brother got me some SNL videos. My family liked my gifts. I shouldn't be so excited about the presents, but man, I got some cool stuff!! I'm surprised! The only thing I didn't get was bath mats, and I used a gift card leftover from last year to get some half-off yesterday so that now we have at least one mat in every bathroom. 

Well. I think I've had enough coffee to get back on task now...