Feeling loads better, thank you
I think the Christmas spirit is getting to me. Not the madness in Woodgrove mall, or the hasle and bustle that can only be best described in John Grisham's "Skipping Christmas" (a good book, worth reading). The actual, gettnig together with people you love and spending time with them; that's one spirit of the holiday that everyone seems to forget, until it actually comes to them. Like today; me, Mariah and my mom watched for the first time since I got it a few weeks ago "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants". I now understand why Court seems to love it so much, cause Tibby kinda looks like her, minus the blue streaks adn the absence of glasses :) But anyway, we jerked some tears, and then Mariah and I went to Chapters. She bought a copy of the book the film we watched was based on, and I got "Capt. Hook", which seems to be the origin of the aforementioned villain of Peter Pan. But the first paragraph goes as such:

It was his eyes. The color of blue forget-me-nots, piercing, like two novas in a sky of dying stars. Profoundly melancholy, yes. Except when James was angry, at which time two red spots appeared in them and lit them up horribly.


And that's just the first one. I'll let you know how the rest goes.

I'm reading this other book, Volume one of the Dragon Quartet, which are fantasy genre; I just reached the part where the heroine starts to run away from her father's home, after her first love and the old woman advisor, who were both close to her, died, and this priest is out to kill everyone in his goals which are currently unknown. But apparently bad enough to reawaken a dragon, which comes later. Anyway.

While me and Mariah were at Woodgrove, we bumped into Roy Tyndall (way older  student at Malaspina, also into the Creative Writing major), and Alex and Chelsea! Hadn't seen the latter since high school ended; it was nice. 

Sometime in the future, hopefully on New Year's, Sarah will be with me and Mariah when we go out partying. Our plans are unofficial at the moment, but hopefully will be brought to light soon enough. I'm just going to do something else now. Ttfn.