Just stuff...
Did I mention the one nice lady customer who told me I was her angel and she was going to pray that something nice would happen for me?  Well, maybe today was that nice thing.

The kids (all three of them, amazingly enough), and I were getting ready to go to a friend's house for their annual Christmas party when an old friend of mine from work called.  I haven't seen him in... oh, man, I'm not sure how long.  Somewhere around 8 years, probably.  Anyways, when he worked with me, we would talk all the time... and I used to call him my "little brother."  He and his wife are planning on moving back to Tucson as Alan has a good job here as an engineering manager, or something like that, at some place not too far from here.  He's been here for a few months, and his wife and kids are driving out this coming week, I think he said.  Anyways, I spoke to him briefly last week, and today when he called, he asked if I'd mind if he stopped by.  Mind?  Not hardly!  I was so happy to see him.  We had a nice chat for awhile, and he wants me to meet his wife and kids.  

Then, tonight, while we were at the party, I was talking to one of the other guests (a very nice lady that I've gotten to know over the years) and she was telling me that the County is looking for Court Clerks.  She got my address and said she'd send me an application and job description.  Then, she gave me the phone number of the woman I'd need to contact to set up an appointment for the required testing and then the interview.  Okay, so the pay isn't great, but it's more than I'm making now, with 40 hour weeks, and government agency benefits!  This could be a good thing.

Athena is doing much better.  The abscess is almost gone and we've only got about a week's worth of pills left (thank goodness, because giving her pills is easy the first couple of times, but she catches on quickly LOL).

Okay, it's late and I have to work tomorrow and I actually had alcohol tonight so I'm sleepy.  I know, I know, such a wuss!