holiday update
Finally finished Christmas shopping, and now I feel better about the whole holiday thing. Just like a Christian holiday, to have a built-in guilt reflex, so you feel bad about not buying presents for people who are buying you presents. How very tricky. It's just like Jesus, whom I imagine would have slunk right back to his tomb if he'd found out that the apostles weren't really happy to see him return. Ah well. I'll stop ripping on Christianity now, because, believe it or not, I have a great deal of respect for that religion, despite the fact that for the past two thousand plus years it's prostrated countless numbers of people under the weight of unimaginable guilt. Otherwise, it's a nice little belief system.

Life is good. I have stopped worrying or even thinking about the grad school thing since I am done with applications, for the most part. I decided not to apply to any of the California schools, since realistically speaking I can't afford to move to Cali, and also I am not applying to the University of Chicago, since they make you answer three pages worth of questions about financial aid, because they charge $50,000 (!!) a year for graduate studies. Fuck that nonsense. So this is the final list: Rutgers, Princeton, U. Penn, U. Michigan, U. Virginia, and Washington University in St. Louis. I am reasonably sure I'll get into WUSTL and Rutgers, not so sure about Princeton, U. Michigan and U. Virginia, and not at all confident about U. Penn. But we shall see. The good news is, that I would be honored and thrilled to attend any of those schools, a situation very much unlike the college situation. And if I don't get into any of those schools I am assured that there is still some kind of academic future for me. It's all good, y'know?

Nothing else to say, just would like to wish everyone who reads this happy holidays. And if you do not celebrate any particular deity, you should follow my agnostic example and dwell upon the Ineffable Force that spawned humanity, and dwell upon the fact that life as a creature of the species of homo sapiens is generally quite interesting and fulfilling. Even if you believe in the Flying Spaghetti Monster. FOX News aside, Happy Holidays, all!