Merry Christmas!
So it's Christmas Eve day, and all I have left to do is go pick up a few stocking stuffers for Mark.  

We're going to venture down to Chico this afternoon and buy our new dishwasher - our current one is on it's last legs and makes so much of a deafening grinding noise that I fear it's going to explode and flood the kithen.  We have had enough unwelcome water in the house already.  I went to the Sears website to get an idea of what we want to get, and there are 24 pages - 8 items per page - of dishwashers!  You can spend as little ($189) or as much ($1500) on a dishwasher.  I don't think I need one that's voice activated.

The rain has thankfully subsided, so guess it's time to go out and clean up the mess.  We have many fallen branches - some very large, and am grateful they missed electric, phone, cable wires. 

Another chicken adventure.  Thursday AM I was standing out on the back deck partaking in my disgusting addiction called smoking, and I heard this horrible sound of some kind of a bird in major distress - it was about 3:30 am right after Mark left for work.  I ran in the house, locking the door when I came in - ran thru the house to the front door and on my way out, also locked that door - just an automatic thing.  When I got up to the chicken yard, it was evident that whatever was in trouble wasn't on our property - but down the lane a ways.  So when I came back down to the house, found myself locked out.  I stood at the front door saying just about every four letter word I could think of and wondering just how I was going to get back in the house at 3:30 am.  Luckily, it suddenly struck me that I had a key stashed out back - and it was still there!  

I never used to worry about locked doors here until I found out that an individual convicted of forcible rape and sodomy had been released and had moved to Paradise and registered an address on Skyway, right behind our property.  

Time to get in the shower and get ready to go to the big City of Chico.

Merry Christmas to all!  Enjoy your time with your loved ones!