Our *First* Christmas
This Christmas was a lot of firsts--the first Christmas Nate and I have spent together, Nate's first time celebrating Christmas, my first time having a Christmas tree in my own place (not my parent's),  and my first time being in charge of the Christmas cooking--all the holiday festivities at my apartment for the first time ever!

My Christmas went very well--actually, it was the best Christmas I've spent in a long time!!  I spent all day on Christmas Eve making my house spotless; then I made dinner (stuffed shells and garlic bread, because making Italian on X-mas Eve is a tradition in my family) and Nate's brother came over for dinner. The three of us watched holiday movies and cartoons that I had on Tivo (best invention ever!! well, that and the IPod). Nate and his brother had never seen any of these shows before, so it was fun watching with them. Nate and I also opened one gift each that night (another family tradition).

On Christmas day, my mom came over and we opened our presents. Everyone loved their gifts. I was in charge of making Christmas dinner, and I made prime rib au jus with horseradish mashed potatoes, roasted vegetables, and Yorkshire pudding (thank you, MarthaStewart.com!!). I  had never made this recipe before--or prime rib before--but it came out amazing!!! All of the food was perfect, and I was so happy because I was afraid it wouldn't turn out well! 

For dessert, I made molten lava chocolate cakes (these were bought frozen so they were not difficult) with caramelized bananas and ice wine. Last year for our anniversary, Nathaniel and I had this exact dessert at Ivy Restaurant in Aventura, and it was the best dessert either of us had ever eaten, so I wanted to try to re-create it. It turned out very well, though not as good as at Ivy, but it was still delicious!

Today I have to clean up again, but I'm going to relax for a while first, watch some General Hospital (my guilty pleasure). I hope everyone else had a wonderful holiday:)

Coming up next: My first Hanukkah celebration--I'll keep you posted:)

To Lindz and Alison: Come back!! I miss you!!