Finally....an update!
Well, LJ! Just got to let you know everything that has happened. On Thursday, my mother in law and hubby surprised me by showing up at my doorstep. It turned out that hubby had rearranged all the plans that I had for the weekend in order that he could spend that extra night and day with me. He's such a sweetie! 

Anyways. So, Friday, we still had to go on up to Waco since we already had a room reserved for that night and he had to be there for the ceremony on Saturday. My mother in law kept the babies for us so that we wouldn't have to fuss with them in the hotel room and so that we wouldn't have to have them out in the cold on Saturday. That was definitely a good thing, especially since I ended up having to stay at the stadium for over six hours! 

Well, so Friday night, we had something of a date night. We had been talking about going out, but instead we stayed in the hotel watching movies and eating pizza. It was nice. As soon as the ceremony was over on Saturday, we made the five hour drive home. Then, we went to the grocery store to stock up on the kinds of food that both of us like. It was nice having him there to help me with the shopping once again. It took us about twenty minutes to get everything that we needed (which we almost had to get a second basket to help hold). 

Today we spent the first half of the day working our asses off to try to finish all the cleaning that I had yet to finish when  hubby showed up at my door the night before I was supposed to go get him. The second half (well, more like the last few hours) of the day we spent cuddled on the couch watching  The Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy and eating his absolutely fantastic world famout chile! It was the best! I also managed to get a little tipsy tonight with about three quarters of a bottle of Chianti and a couple of shots of vodka. It was a blast, but I think that I will go drink at least one glass of water before I finally hit the sack. 

So, there's an update. I hope to get to chat with you guys soon! Of course, don't get your feelings hurt if I'm not around a whole lot in the next month or so because I will have to be making up on about a year and a half's worth of shagging! ;)

*kiss kiss*