Starting to look up
Well things are starting to look up finally, well where my pool leagues are concerned heh. For a while there I was stressing myself out over stupid shit, the standard trying to be as good as I can for the team since I'm on a damn good team this year (this time was in first place last year). I mean I know I can hold my own on a pool table don't get me wrong, but being the only female out of four 5 man teams, I feel I have extra to prove sometimes. My captain didn't shoot me for two weeks, really three due to Thanksgiving, and I was really pissed. I was thinking to myself, what am I that shitty of a pool player not to even be shooting? Well, now that I look at it, that was three weeks I needed to re-evaulate myself and my pool playing and some well needed calm down time. Tonight, I shot a damn good game and won four of my five games. I was more relaxed than what I have been here lately and I was pleased. It was getting to the point where I just wanted to get the damn season over and it got to where I wasn't having any fun with playing pool and when you don't have fun in a league, what's the point of being in one ya know? So, very happy I had the time off, and I'm now looking at it in a different perspective. My captain even said to me, "You did great tonight, now that's the old Yoda I use to know." 

Other than that, not much has really been going on here lately, very quiet on the homefront. Jobs are going great for myself and R and that makes me happy. We're finally at a place on the money side of things where we can actually afford to go out here and there and enjoy ourselves, that is when he and I both have a day off heh. Lucky for me, I still had two vacation days I needed to take so I took off a couple of Monday's so I could spend the day with him. Sometimes, it is nice to have the me time available, but other times, I would like to have some more us time. Hopefully everything will work itself out and get on track. Well I need to head to bed now. Gotta get up at 6am in the morning...joy heh. Hope everything's going well for everyone. I know we've all been busy due to the holidays being right around the corner. So, how is everyone else out there?