Fire drills et al
Oh well, mine was 7:05 it wasn't as bad as Reichel building who had theirs at 5am, although I was awake and waiting for the alarm to start going off, someone in my corridor set their alarm for 4:30 so she could get ready.  Most of us got scared witless by the alarm going off.  I had the unfortunate thing of hearing all the other buildings fire alarms go off >.<  So we are all outside in the rain and cold of a typical Welsh day albeit at 7am which not alot of students realise that a 7am exists out of myth and legend.  Almost all my corridor were fully dressed (ie jeans etc) except Brett who had that heinous dressing gown of his, and to some extent me, who was still wearing her pj bottoms (which looked very fetching with walking boots, black coat and hoddie)
Liz: Hey (in a happyish tone for that time in the morning) You managed to get yourself out of bed.
Me: Yeah, what else would get me out of bed than a fire alarm sounding like someone strangling a cat on heat.
Liz: You didn't take your sleeping tablets did you?
Me: (spookily chirpy) Not one, and as an added bonus for it I never got to sleep til 2 and got to every single alarm except Reichel's.
For the first time in ages I feel genuinely happy and carefree, last week seemed to have lasted ages, but I know this is going to sound harsh but I've made myself forget what has happened to Laura, at least for the time being, I can't do anything to help her so it's pointless to dwell and be a manic depressent.
I'm in the process of tidying my room, I realised this after I almost killed myself running to switch the light on during the alarm when I kicked my steel toed DMs and almost fell over after clutching my foot and hopping round while trying to get ready.
So far I've managed to organise my games, DVDs and text books, put most of the rubbish in bin bags, put the plates and glasses which I seemed to have amassed in the kitchen (after throwing away a glass of lager that had an island of mold on.  Finally putting bedsheets on my erm......bed incidently (Despite stripping and washing them on Wednesday, new ones have yet to materise onto the bed (I blame insomnia since there was no need to put them on since I never managed to get alot of sleep)