I'm back!!!!!!!!!!
OMG it's been sooooo LONG! I almost forgot I had this journal! Anyway, life has been so great!! My summer in Paris was fabulous, I made so many awesome new friends and I learned so much working for Dior. I also did a lot of modeling which was SUPERfun. London was great too but I went straight there from Paris and by mid-semester I really just wanted to be home. I wanted to be non-international for at least a month! But it was a good experience and it would have been easier if I didn't have Brad waiting for me at home, who I  finally decided to "let in" and now I've fallen madly in love with. He absolutely loves and adores me too so it's the BEST thing ever! I think I might have found "the one" although I am in no way ready to get married or even think about marriage. I'm way too young (and hot...hahaha j/k) to be tied down like that!! He's so smart and sweet and handsome though. Anyway my most recent thing was the VS Fashion Show which just aired on CBS. It was so much fun and we all looked so beautiful! It was Tyra's last show :( 
Currently, I'm in Tokyo, Japan for the week for a photo shoot for a fashion designer. I love Tokyo, it's so fantastic. When I get home in a couple days it's time to get ready for Christmas!! My FAVORITE holiday!!!!!!! I'm not sure where I'll be spending it yet, as the family can never agree on which place. After Christmas it's off to my favorite foreign place, Africa, to work with our charity for people who live in extreme poverty there/people who are infected with HIV/AIDS. I get to give Bela her iPod!!! I'm SO EXCITED, last time I was there she said if she could have any material thing she would want an iPod so she could fill it with her favorite songs. So I bought her one and I get to personally deliver it to her. Last time we were in her village we gave them computers and Internet connections so they can now experience an awesome connection to the world. I know she'll be so happy!! She is also one of the people who I am paying for AIDS medication for. It has helped her live longer and enjoy life. Did you know that AIDS medication is 90% effective in Africans in making them functional and able to live comfortably with HIV/AIDS and it only costs a dollar a day. Most of the people who need it can't afford this...but I can and most Americans can and it feels so good to know you are helping someone. I encourage you all to help the hopeful and strong people of Africa who suffer from the AIDS crisis. Anyway after Africa it's back "home" to San Francisco to finish out my Junior year of college! Ahhh, time flies!!!!!!!