Two holes!
And the birthday was just, fantastic. I largely have Stacy and my parents to thank for that. I have never loved and cherished my mother more as of late, to go out of her way to make sure I had a wonderful day, surprise me with gifts I did not anticipate, and inform me how proud she was of me. Who gave me the sought after currency for a much coveted Lord of the Rings calendar, praised my outfit and embraced me and told me she loved me. And to my stepdad, who funded our dinner out at the Olive Garden, who has been a much better father than my birth father ever could hope to be, who purchased me the Christmas lights I was entreating to adorn our window, and who waited patiently with said lights in hand while I obtained the necessary make-up items I needed at Wallgreens. And even pointed out the nail polish remover to me when I could not locate it for myself. He is most dear to me. In truth, he is, my Father. To my sister, who was determined to get my birthday card here in time, who swears how lucky she is to be my sister, I miss her so acutely it hurts. To Stacy who is beautiful and strong and fun, whose friendship I treasure, I could not ask for a better friend, nor a better birthday. To my boss, who made me, from scratch, the best damn birthday cake I have had in awhile--she's incredible. To everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday, your words mean more to me than you will ever realize. I thank you. 

I am not aware of how well I made out on my Astronomy final, I am hoping for an A, and the dreaded math exam falls tomorrow eve, and I dread it so. 

After Wednesday I bid another semester adieu, and look forward to a month of vacation, Christmas, spending an obscene amount of money on gifts for friends and family, and coding my new blog layout. (Frodo!) 

Thanks to Stacy, I now have a bleeing, inflamed hole in my nose. A piercing! And oh did it bleed, oh how the blood loss made me tipsy, but the pain was mild, and I love it. The wound to my flesh, the punctured hole will heal, and so will the one in my heart, rendered by one I have lost touch with, but I will nurse and care for it and in time it will be no more than a faded scar. For the moment I am too content save for the dull trepidation of a test, to care. 

When my parents lit all twenty candles on my birthday cake tonight, the smoke alarm went off. lol fucking awesome.