Went to Dinner & The Opera with Robbie
I'm just now - 12:32 AM - getting home from going out to dinner and the opera! I should do more of this - I spend way too much time on my fat ass watching TV and then complaining about how fat I am.
Of course the dinner I packed away tonight wouldn't do anything toward keeping me slim, that's for freakin' sure!
We met at Italian Village and had a lovely dinner - I had my usual Kettle One vodka martini, very dry, with three olives (which turned into 6 - I need the fiber, y'know!). Robbie had a gin martini. "A proper martini is made from gin, not vodka." He's so sweet even when he's bustin' your chops!
I had the fettucini alfredo with chicken - the good ol' heart attack on a plate. It was fabulous! I haven't had anything like that in months! Very tasty.
We looked at the dessert menu but it was getting a little late - we had to pay and walk another five or six blocks to the opera house, so we just had espresso and took off.
The opera was Mozart's Magic Flute and it was Wonderful with a capital "W". Very enjoyable, very comic, very well performed, the sets were magnificent, the staging was coherent and had flow. It was just a beautiful wonderful production and I ate it up.
Queen of the Night, as always, stole the show with her big second act aria. Seems this soprano (Cornelia Gotz - the "o" in Gotz has an umlaut, but I don't know how to type that in) has made quite a career of QOTN - she's done over 500 performances all over the planet. Excellent.
Everyone else was excellent too - it was a very enjoyable evening.
We spent a half hour trying to get a cab, but the opera, the symphony, and three shows all got out at around the same time and cabs were everywhere - and every one of the occupied! We finally got too cold and took the El north. I got off the train at Belmont for some reason and wound up walking all the way home up the Boiz Town strip. Lots of drunken queers out reeling in the cold, screaming as snowballs were thrown - having a lot of fun. 
So it was a great evening! I'm going to get some shut eye - lots of errands to run tomorrow now that I'm going to cook both Christmas Eve AND Christmas day!