ok so many exciting things to update about =D
this is long but really funny if you were at any of these things, but it may still be funny if you know any of us and care to read this =D

woohoo ok so after school Thursday Luke and I went to Lady's and then followed her and Cara and then we took Cara and went to McDonald's for Egg Nog shakes and then back to Cara's for DDR, reading and coffee =] oooh fun stuff, then Luke came over to watch the OC and there was a lot of snow....

Friday was a SNOW DAY!! =D so Ricky and Luke came over and we picked up Dana and went sledding lol that was great, especially that kid who wiped out Ricky and that EXTREMELY cute puppy and Luke not being able to climb the hill lol so then we went to the little playground thing and waited for my mom...who never came so we went crazy getting stuck in slides backwards and being REALLY cold! So then Luke and I walked almost a mile to where my mom was parked and then we saw her and she told us to turn around and wait for her around the corner of the extremely hard and dirty snow to walk on!!! grrr so then we picked up the other 2, all went home and then they came back to eat pizza, watch Now and Then, and then Dana left *tear* and a little while later we went to McDonalds for shakes =D then back to my house to finish the movie and then they left...everything was you would lol

Today was really fun lol =D First Nikki picked up Luke and I and we went to the mall, started in Borders with such bad karma for Luke lol omg the bad calendar and the shelf of books falling on him hahaha yeah so I bought a lot there but I saved a bunch of money 8-] then we went to a couple other stores, we saw a lot of people too haha then we went over to Target and saw Megan lol that was great, too much Mr Jackson and AP talk until AP SCRAPBOOKING!!! lol wow and the dancing frogs singing Yeah and In Da Club lol and the noisemakers (one that I broke 0=]) hahaha oh my goodness =P so then we all went home and then later Luke Russ and Nikki came over and we picked up Justin and went to the movies (right after going back to get Luke's wallet haha). "What are you guys laughing at?" Justin and I: "uhhhh...Justin was dancing! YEAH!!" lol 0=] and Nikki spilled Luke's popcorn and drink everywhere hahaha it was crowded around "like a crime scene" as Justin said haha Peaches and Alex met us up there too so that was cool, oh especially when Russ threw snow at all of us and shoved it in Nikki's face!! haha aww pouvre Nikki =[ ;] we saw Yours Mine and Ours, it was pretty good =] so then we went to Steak N Shake, omg lol Luke: mmmm noggy-nog, I love you nog! where's my egg nog? and then after Alex put vanilla in his empty glass: this is not my egg nog, I KNOW my nog!!! LOL wow and then there was Peaches with the glass ketchup bottle.. Me: "Do you need some help?" Him: "No I'm fine COME OUT!!!" hahaha so then Russ ate this garlic pepper for $5 from Justin and Justin ate one of those AND a vinegar pepper to get it back lol and then there was "who wants my cherry?" and "it makes it good and easy to swallow" hahahahaha omg I basically couldn't take a bite of my shake without laughing and almost spitting it out lmao =D wow good times, so then we all went back to my house (I snuck up behind Peaches's van and scared them ;]) and Justin grabbed Russ's leg and made him fall really hard haha then Luke Russ and I played Mario Kart and Nikki was scared at how into it we were and EVERYTHING that happened we said you would lol and le parc de babai is great =P and Luke with the "they got married and BOOM! *actual boom on the screen*" haha yeah so then we just stood on the landing and talked for a while and then they left, but Russ kept acting like he was pushing Nikki down the stairs lol which reminded me of when Justin did that to me a long time ago lol

Apcrazyman89: haha
Queen0fHearts 63: i'm not sure though, someone acted like they were gonna push me down my stairs one time though but i don't remember if it was you or not lol:-P
Apcrazyman89: i think i did
Apcrazyman89: and u went down really fast but didnt fall
Queen0fHearts 63: oooh yeah it was you!! lol
Apcrazyman89: lol
Apcrazyman89: :-D

*sigh* well that was a great day =D I don't really feel like going to bed yet so I'll just be here doing w/e on the computer 0=] night!&hearts;