good
good day. happy. today was crazy. i got to school and found out that some teenage boy was in a car crash on honeyville road in stanley later in 5th i found out who it was david comer aka butters its kinda odd how daniel predicted that but anyways he went through the windsheild and had to be flown to uva but i think he is doing a lot better so thats good i mean i am not friends with the boy like i dont like him but i am praying that he gets better and that everythings okay for him but i seriously cant stand how people today take something sad and turn it into something to make them look good like saying all this stuff about him and how he was a friend when the truth is not many people really do know him maybe like 1/5 of page but yet they try to make themselves look good and act like he was their best friend when the truth is that they probably thought he was gross or ignored him so yeah that buggs me anyways better note. spanish honors society meeting today was fun hot coco and sopas good yumm haha it was fun in geometry i was barly in there because i had to go to 2 pictures for yearbook spanish honors and class officer (i missed the fccla cause i didnt feel like going) that was good though then i went to english late and we watched a movie and had mrs colors as a sub she wasnt bad today though gym was good we played kickball and of course our team won yess. um lunch was fun except the people that as so rude to us at OUR lunch table yeah they think they are all that too bad their not but derrick a. had our lunch today cause of driving thing and he sat with us today it was a good lunch except everyone was quiet cause everyone is like upset right now sheena about aaron not getting to see him much and then him not being crazy over her when he does get to see her then meg about david i swear they are like me and daniel at the end worsee way and it gets on my nerves when they fight jackie about the jed/ethan thing just everything like that its crazyy 6th i was pretty quiet didnt really talk much except for the boys playing iceskating outside which was funny but other than that boring bio we did work nothing too exciting we didnt really talk that much and teen living was fun because we ate waffles again! bus ride home so boring no one was on so i just did my homework cause i had a bunch and i wanted to get it over with so yeah tonight i watched a good christmas love story movie so yeah thats about it and talked to meg on the phone so yeah pretty boring um i wonder whats going to happen tomorrow at school hm i cant wait til i go to tappahannock its going to be crazy i am so excited! i feel like i havent had a life in a longg time cause me and daniel would go out or something or he would come over and keep me company and now its just like by myself so i am glad i am going to tappahannock for the holidays cause i get my full house! yay! i miss everyone down there a lot! i thinking about staying the summer down there this year since i dont have daniel anymore and mom will be better pretty much the main reason is daniel but he left me so well see what happens thats a longg way off anyways who knows! talking to breck on the phone! well later.