My awesome week with Leigh
I have had the best week with leigh this week. He's just been amazing and loving and perfect. Finally got in my car last sat night and didn't jump out crying which is what I'd expected, seeing as he's the 1st person other than my dad to be in the car with me. So yeah sat night i had a headache at home and cldn't come online so drove to seefront and watched people on sand in dark and txted him and the leigh drove over to see me for an hour or so :) how lovely is that! and then i drove him to oldway mansion where we walked through a really scary place with trees and mud which i cld just remember the pathway to. then i dropped him off at his car.  Then on sunday I drove him and mum up to exeter to do xmas shopping and we had a great day although it was freezing cold and foggy. he held my hand and laughed with me and didn't complain about the shops. brilliant! and we managed to spend over half an hour in Toymaster reminiscing. such a great day. I then managed to drive out of the car park and home to paignton through the fog which was fun and scary at the same time. mum then drove us round to his house cos his mum's car had died and mum was going to jump start it which she finally did with some other guy's jump cables. so that was great fun. Leigh then drove me around for a bit to warm the car up and dropped me home just after 6.30 dinner curfew. ok monday i didn't see him cos it was Sharon's graduation and he wasn't in school. Tuesday was normal, in as much as i can remember it. acually i wasn't at school for most of it and he had tests so no i barely saw him on tuesday. I had the bestest afternoon at home tho. shaved legs, watched aladdin, washed hair and made xmas cards for Leigh's siblings. I had such great fun doing those - made envelopes and everything. hope they like and appreciate them. weds was also a great afternoon bcos not only did i collect my daisy transfers from the shop ready to go on Hefty but i also spent about 7 hours with leigh. had a packet of crisps for tea lol sooo healthy :P and got a love bite in the process but it was great fun. actually i'll admit to you all that I'm a sadistic whore and i like having my neck bitten. it's a really weird feeling of being overpowered. anyway thats enough of that.  bcos his mum didn't get back from her staff do last night until very late, leigh was shattered today which gave me a chance to look after him, to buy him coffee and cuddle him. makes me feel happy to know that i can look after him when he's not 100%. 

aaaaaaaaanywho this is probably a very boring post to anyone who might read it. bravo for getting here. PRESENT DAY 2moro which means i have to go and do lots of wrapping now. will speak to you later and post soon too. 
Luv ya
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx