Is it Christmas Eve yet?
Well its been officially a month since Nick moved to Virginia, and it still sucks! But i'd like to think i'm getting a little bit better at it! I guess i'll let him be the judge of that one!! But the good news is he's coming to my house for christmas this year so that'll be nice! Although its only for a couple days i cant WAIT! It'll be nice! Maybe we'll get some crazy blizzard and his flight back will be delayed!! 0:) (my angelface..if it worked)

This quarter has been totally crazy so far! I have a lot of work in all of my classes which keeps me busy for sure especially tues/thurs being in class for 8hrs by the time i get home i'm ready to crash!! But I'm gettin through just making a daily 'to do' list and checkin things off one by one! I get to go home this weekend for break! 3 weeks this year! Thats exiciting!! I'm hopefully going to work at the sagamore while i'm home which will give me some extra cash! And then Nick will visit and Marcy is also coming home this year for christmas..i haven't seen her since...briefly this summer? i'm not sure but its been a long time! Shes only here for a couple days too so i'll prolly only see her for a couple hours or something! Better then nothing though!

Besides school and nick things are going pretty good..i'm not an Associate Trainer at Panera which is kinda cooL! I always enjoy training people at work! So hopefully we'll get some new people soon and i can put my good skills to check! Still playin soccer on saturdays with my brother! We came in first place the first session which is exciting! This session there are more teams so we'll play untill feburary! So i'll be able to play in some more games after i get back from break!

I'm ready for break, i've been listenin to Christmas Music the past couple days on Windows Media Player under radio they have a couple good stations for christmas music! Well this was a good kind of procrastination but i gotta accomplish some more work before i go to bed!! Take care!!

MERRY CHRISTMAS HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE because i'm sure i wont update again till the new year!! 

untill we meet again...!