Yay birthday!
It's no longer my birthday.  8 minutes past, in fact.  But I had a good day.  Long and cold day, but good.  Got up, avoided going out of doors for as long as possible, went to folk dance class (we had to make up our own folk dances!), got lunch, showered, went to French seminar (which didn't seem to want to end), then did errands and came back to my room.  I got 3 Dover Thrift Edition books: a book of short stories by Fitzgerald, Jacob's Room by Woolf, and Alexander's Bridge by Cather.  All for under $7.  Then I hung out in my room and got phone calls from Andrew (my brother) and Ben (my former boyfriend).  I hadn't talked to Ben in FOREVER, so it was really great to catch up with him.  We laughed a lot, and I shocked him with my revelation that I might not be going into law.  Hopefully I'll get to hang out with him over the holidays.  He's so great, and I miss just talking to him.  He was a huge part of my life for nearly four years, yo.  That's a long time.  I'm really, really glad he called.

So then my friends came by and I opened some gifts.  Katy's angry, "No you may NOT have my hotshot!" was explained when she gave me one of my own!  Yay!  Now I can heat up water for tea in my room!  And I won't be tea-less when she leaves next semester!  I also got all kinds of lovely other things, like a frog prince picture frame with a supercute picture from Mountain Day in it, and some "hot" penguin socks from Irene, and all kinds of "fine living & happiness" goodies from Sarah.  And a cute little journal from Marie, and a book on Sandra Day O'Connor from my grandmother.  And a shirt from my dad.  Oh, and a bottle of Dr. Pepper from Irene... hehe inside joke. :)  I heart you Roomie!

Then I went out for Indian food in Amherst with Katie Mac, Katy Smith, Katie Kloss, Shannon, Sarah, Maura, and Irene.  Yummmmm.  It was sooo good!  Maura, Sarah, Shannon, and I then went to the Moan and Dove, a bar in Amherst where we hung out for a couple of hours and just talked and laughed.  It was awesome.  Afterwards we stopped by Senior Pub Night in Blanchard, now I'm back in my room and ready to crash.  Yay sleep!

Thanks to everybody who made this day so great! :) :) :)