The "INs and Outs" of Domestic life: Aidyn take 2 
living with my girlfriend this past week has been some experience! lol i saw that she posted her domestic adventure. however, i believe i have much more to add to it. 

besides looking quite awkward/uncomfortable wielding a sponge and manning the kitchen sink,she also displayed her ultra prissy side declaring "UGH!!! DISH-WATER IS SOOOOOOO GROSS!!!!" using a cutting board to try and scoop up a butcher knife that was emerged in "dirty water" lol i came up to the counter to supervise and told her "WOMAN!! put you hand in the water and suck it up! you're such a DYKE!!" OY!! i'm the femme princess in this relationship, and i have no issues with tasks like that--i was raised to do such things for myself. however, my darl'n Aidyn is used to having her cook/maid AKA mommy taking care of everything ;) 

i left at the insistence that she knew what she was doing and a little while later she claimed she was done...i knew she wasn't without having to look and asked about the pans on the stove...she chuckled and grinned and went back to work. i was in the restroom and i heard the dishwasher running--well after she yelled across the apartment to ask how to use the settings,and i rushed out knowing that in her flighty/spacey state she forgot the most important ingredient...dish-washer detergent! :P 

i shook my head, fixed her mess, and laughed to my heart's content.

and just a bit ago, she and i were lounging on the sofa watching "In and Out" (she's never seen it before. what kinda gay person is she???!) and i batted my eyelashes and pouted that i was hungry. and like the incredibly sweet and accommodating girlfriend she is, she got up to make me toast. And let me tell you, i never thought i'd meet someone who could manage to fuck up toast :P but i sure did--and i'm date'n her! 

she first asked directions on how to toast the bread, then yelled from the kitchen (she's a bit hard of hearing so this yelling thing happens often) that the bread didnt toast right. on her second attempted, it shriveled and was charred. it was soo cute, and i ate both pieces after having her scrape the latter.

She is the most wonderful girlfriend and takes very good care of me, catering to my needs and spoils me rotten, but when it comes to being domestic, i'm sure glad she prides herself on having money, because without restaurants and take-out we'd be in BIG trouble!