i love watching movies on tv on weekends. it is starting to become my life. 
hi. i have had probably had a wicked good week which was nice though i do not remeber much of it. on thursday or maybe it was wednsday well i got my latest geometry test and i got an 84!!! it was crazy. i thought i did really really bad and i didnt!!! on wednesday night i found out sarah is coming to israel with me on y2i so i am wicked excited! we are gonna tear up the towns we visit with the trip then afterwards we are gonna do the same to the rest of israel when we stay with our relatives. then friday had a snow day. :) now i guess that means i am not going to school any friday this month which means 4 day weeks...minus the 2 or 3 periods i might go in for this friday before i go to the bus stop for CONVENTION!!! omg i am so excited for it. it is just going to be one f'mazing convention. anyways so friday morning i ended up getting up at like 5:30 which i never even do when i have school to see if i really dont have school because i always do even if my mom screams to me i dont. ended up not going back to sleep. at 7 in the morning until like 9:30 i got community service hours for israel by doing something for this books sale my mom is running at her hebrew school. then watched tv and stuff. that night since my dad wouldnt let my sister go out (or me) her friend, bibo came over and we played LIFE. i love that game. also we made cookies. :) saturday i ended up watching movies on tv and same for today. i love watching movies on tv on weekends. it is starting to become my life. like that is all i do but i love it so it is ok. i watched like 5 or 6 movies this weekend. home alone 2 (i must see the 1st one), harry potter both 1 and 2, some richie rich and christmas (or something like that), and like a couple other movies. i am so bad with names of movies. haha tonight i had a maz meeting. got a lot done kinda and the whole maz was actually there! the first time this year it happend. tomorrow is going to suck and the whole week but atleast i ave convention to look forward to cuz it is in like 5 days!!!! plus me and sarah are having a i miss rachel, i miss sarah we must hang out and talk about a million different things and drink slurpies day! gosh i am excited for it!!!