An image is worth a thousand...
I've been feeling extremely creative the last couple of days, which is refreshing!  I was struggling something awful at work on Monday where everything I touched turned to crap, and it was highly upsetting.  It was only about a half-hour until the end of work when inspiration finally struck and since then, I haven't been able to stop making things *g*

The layout I made for 's layout contest is unlikely to win, which strangely enough, makes me a bit happy, as now I'll get to use it for myself *is greedy*  I've worked up a possible header graphic and a promo banner for  that I was pretty happy with, earlier on in the week, and I've been spending the better part of the evening working on a potential site design for when the Season launches early next month!  Overall, I think it looks pretty good, just needs a little tweaking here and there!  As for what all this stuff looks like ... you'll have to wait!  Once the design contest for the  is done and I haven't one, I'm changing my LJ to the layout I designed for it, and I'll post my header and web design for  after they've finished deciding which design to use. Though you can currently run over there and grab the matching promo banner I made if you want to promote the series. Mine's the tan one.

Random things, the 1st: Finished watching Blackpool, with David Tennant.  It ended well so I'm happy!  That was one quirky little show, but I liked it! ... Random thing, the 2nd: Because my six month anniversary in my new job happened to fall in December, I have four vacation days to use by the end of the month, which means I have a four day weekend this week and next, and because of Christmas, a five-day weekend after that!  I'm going to feel like such a slacker being at home that much ;P 

Lastly, am gearing up for the wedding to end all weddings on Saturday.  The whole church is being turned upside down (as it's the pastor's daughter!) There are over 1000 people on the confirmed guest list, the entire sanctuary has been remade into a kind of winter wonderland (it's gorgeous!), as has the reception hall from what I've been told.  I really can't wait, I love weddings!  Though I wish I didn't always have to be single when I attended them ... But, anyhow, wheee!