I shut my eyes, the world drops dead, I think I made you up inside my head....
Today went by calmly. This morning I got up at nine, had an appointment with Sonia at ten, then we ended our session early so I could do some last minute studying for my stat exam, which was at eleven.The exam wasn't too bad. I was just eager to get it over with.  Then I sold a few books back, deposited some of the money in my bank account, then went back to the apartment after grabbing lunch from the Bagel Hut. I napped for about a half hour before my body started covering itself in a glaze of perspiration. I felt hot under my covers, and even throwing off the sheets didn't do any good. So I got up and  decided to take a trip downtown to Center City because I was aching for a new novel to read (I just finished Johnny Panic and the Bible of Dreams before drifiting off to sleep). I browsed around Borders and couldn't decide between a book of Plath poems, Anna Karenina, and The Virgin Suicides.  I ended up getting Anna Karenina and a DVD of the movie Sylvia, which I've been dying to see.

Came back and watched Sylvia with Nizzle.  I really really enjoyed it and I'm glad that I bought it. Daniel Craig did an excellent job at playing Ted Hughes and I was actually surprised at how believable Gwyneth Paltrow was as Sylvia Plath. I just wish they'd focused more on her writing rather than her and Ted's turbulent marriage. They made it seem like Sylvia was always preoccupied with Ted's infidelity when there was a lot more to her as a person than just being Ted's jealous, depressed wife.  She was a great mother and someone who had a passion for literature and writing. I will say, though, that Ted seemed like an asshole, and if that's really what he was like in real life, I hope he's rotting in hell as I write this. DAMN YOU, TED HUGHES, FOR CATALYZING THE DEATH OF ONE OF THE GREATEST LITERARY GENIUSES!


Thanks to Rachel, I've got some mp3's downloaded of Sylvia reading "Lady Lazarus" and "Daddy".  Her voice sounds so rich.  If only she were still alive. ::tear::