Train tickets in hand...
Hello again!  I hope that you all had a good Monday (mine was substantially better than the last!) and are getting those Christmas trees up and ready!  I decorated my room a little bit with some window clings I found, a couple strands of lights from the 2 euro store and a fancy new wallpaper for my computer desktop, it's not much but it's cozy!  

Anyway, this will be my last post from France for a while, I may or may not update while I'm home, it depends on how much time I have...  I will be doing quite a bit of calling while I'm home though so fear not!  My bags are all packed and I have my train tickets to Paris so all that remains to be done is to roll out of bed at 4:30 am on Thursday and catch the train with Maggie and Elizabeth!  We're all heading out on the same day (Maggie to Italy and Elizabeth to pick up her friend at Charles de Gaulle before they also leave for Italy...) and it'll be nice to have some travelling companions!  I'm really looking forward to my visit to the States, it'll be nice to see some familiar faces and speak English for a while!  The weird part is that when I get back to France I'll only have a week and a half left of classes and a week for finals.  After that I'm planning some good ol' fashioned back packing in the south of France for about 10 days.  Finally, I'll be heading to England probably on January 31st (they kick me out of my dorm in Caen that day) by way of the ferry and then this little online journal will be all about the UK!  I have a feeling that Portsmouth is going to be a blast and I have it on very good authority that the internet works wonderfully and the showers never just turn off!!!  

Well, I have to get ready for a going away party for one of our numbers who is leaving France on Thursday.  She has to be in the States before January so she can be in classes second semester.  She's not terribly happy to be leaving and I can't blame her, France is enchanting...  So at any rate, I'll be talking to the vast majority of you while I'm home, until then, take care of yourselves!!!

Bisous, Reoh