lots of printing
So I decided the other day to print my entire livejournal and delete it.   You know what it didnt delete. So I was looking over some of the stuff I wrote and the comments posted and I have to say I am one loopy girl!!!!
I also wanted to say that some of the comments Jenn and Jay have given me are awesome and here is me giving you both huge hugs and telling you both I love you. You are both are amazing people and I am glad to call you my friends.
Now now quit gagging I know the mush is a lot but I rarely express sentiment like that so enjoy it while it lasts.  
In other news I am going tonight to donate a bunch of my clothes to a battered woman's shelter in the city.  I figure I have too many to ever wear so why not give them to someone who can really use them.  I haven't done near enough good things for people lately and it is about time I got back to being good to my fellow humans.
So it was nice having a whole day off yesterday.  I caught up on laundry and sleep. Last night Shane, Jeremy and I went on a little road trip to Peculiar.  We were singing and laughing and it was a lot of fun.  Shane is so cute.  The other day Jeremy and Mom were telling him he needed to shave and I mentioned he should leave a goatee.  He said he didnt like how he looked with one.  Then last night he came out of the shower with one.  That made me smile.  It is cool the little things he does or remembers that I like.  I still have a big problem with the fact he is not a touchy person but I seriously need to realize that in the scheme of things the good usually outweighs the bad with him.  No one knows the future though.  I asked him last night if he wanted to go to my family Christmas.  He said we would see when it gets closer to time.  I would like him to go yet at the same time that is a lot of pressure. I have never brought a man to Christmas.  My damn sisters will tear him apart but if we are gonna be together it is important to me he meet everybody.
Well that is all for now gotta get back to work.
later,
B