narmia
hello all!!  pidge and i just saw the most amazing movie last night.  well, let me start from the top,hehe.  after the concert was over, pidge went and hung out w/ her family for a little bit (they left pretty soon b/c her bro had to go pimpin' w/ two girls, hehe).  megan went back to greg's apartment b/c she left some stuff there from when she was doing our laundry (thanks again greg for letting us!!).  so, pidge and i were just sitting in the room trying to decide what to do.  i suddenly got a great idea, but i had to check on it first, so pidge took a potty break for a second while i checked online to see what was playing at the movie theatre and when.  Narnia (as u might have guessed from the subject line) was playing at 10.35 that night!  we had a half an hour to get there.  so, we left immediately b/c we had the fun job of trying to find my car under a foot of snow.  for those of u who dont know--i have a very small car.  its tiny.  very.  haha.  so, pidge and i, using our hand, feets, legs, arms, and one very tiny scraper, dug out and brushed my car.  we found out when we got to the movies, that my car is capable of blow-drying ppl's pant dry b/c that's exactly what it did to pidge and mine!  haha--except for the back of our jeans, for obvious reasons.  but still, it was amazing.  but the truely amazing part was the movie.  it was sooooooooo good.  it stuck to the book like glue.  the added some scenes, but the scenes that they added were awesome too!!  pidge and i kept saying 'kitty!!' whenever asalyn (dont know if i spelled that right) came on screen.  just, wow.  it was just wow.  im so happy i saw it.  pidge and i both cried at parts.  pidge more then i, hehe, but it was funny.  (remember pidge--hung like a horse, hahahaha).  so, as soon as we got back from the movie, which ended at 1, but we went to sheetz afterwards so we wont have to eat each other, i found out how to get icons.  b/c i went and got a lot of peter icons.  from my understanding thus far, i have dibs on peter, jamie on edward, and pidge on tumbus (the fawn).  hehe.  so, neone who tries to take them away from us is going to have to try very very very very hard, b/c we arent going w/out a fight.  well, i think thats all for now.  ill ttyl!  luv ya!  ;)
ps--thank u everyone who came out and saw the concert!!