It's the Same as Homecoming, Just with Longer Dresses
mmm, good day today. Just one of those days where nothing really special happens, but all the little things add up to make your day, such as me finding out that my parents have had the Nirvana Nevermind cd and I totally forgot about it, getting a B on my history test, doing well on my math quiz, etc. Sadly I have a lot of tests this week, but then its WINTER BREAK! I dont care if I do have a lot of homework, I'm excited about it.

Funniest moment of the day: Well Curtis fell asleep during physics, so I gave David who sits next to me my eraser so he could throw it at Curtis. He did, and it hit him right above the eye. Curtis jerked awake, then realized it was David who threw it at him and tried to kick him underneath the desk, but David was too far forward and Curtis ended up just slamming his shin into the desk. So funny. Suprised that our teacher didn't get after us for making noise, though I think he did say something to Curtis about sleeping in class, but he said it in a joking manner.

Oh and then Ryan said hi to me. It was funny though cause I was comming from the bathroom and I was looking around for David who was suppose to meet me at lunch so he could give me back my calculator. So I'm looking around and walking past the tree where Scott and Curtis and Ryan all hang out, and then I hear some voice say "hey Amber." I look over and its Ryan who said hi. Haha I was shocked by this but I was able to say hi back. It was funny though cause I know I must of had the funniest "wtf?" look on my face when I saw him and knew it was him that said hi. Hahaha go me.

Haha Ali has decided that I look cute with almost any guy, cause she decided that Scott and I would be cute together, then she decided that Ryan Kirby and I would look cute together too. And also David and I would be cute. Hahah i swear any guy I talk to my friends think we'd make a cute couple.

ok I'm gonna stop talking about myself now, as I know that no one else really gives a damn. Oh well, I do this more for my own amusement than anything else.