day #1 at carmike cinemas IV
so my first night was pretty good. i liked the people that i worked with, they were nice to me when we all found out we know the same people! in fact one of cory's friends works there and he was there the night before we all left for texas, so i was like, ohhh i SO know you!! (cory is katrina's younger brother) oh and anthony was like, "yeah when cory came back from texas he totally liked you! he was like, 'well i don't like her, like her cause but she's really awesome' but we sooo knew he had a crush on you!" hahaha. it was so cute. haha. i love cory.

um other than that, i sold popcorn and candy and drinks and i only made a couple mistakes, but we had to count all the stuff up like 4 times before we got everything all right. geeze. and i'm not exactly sure how i get paid because like i was scheduled 6:15-10:15 but we stayed until almost 11 trying to get everything balanced but all you do is sign in and sign out without putting in time, so i think i might be getting ripped off....


OH, but steph! i have exciting news. Every night they dump all the popcorn out and put it in a big plastic bag and then whoever wants to take it home can, and if not they pitch it, SOOOO would you like an enormous bag of popcorn sometime?! oh, and i couldn't take off the 20th entirely, so i MAY have to work the night, but i did say i couldn't work during the day, so yeah!

anddddd, um then katrina and her fun friends were here. and they were drinking and we were talking about the ghost in our attic and then the one kid went up with us to get chairs and he was screaming about oogity boogity and so i think oogity boogity got mad and threw me down the stairs!!! because i definitely all of a sudden like fell and i couldn't catch myself because i had a big chair and i fell down like 7 stairs and got brush burns on my elbow, hand, butt and back and it hurts hardcore! damn that oogity boogity!


okay, well i'm working on homework, but i think i'll go to bed soon, yep.


love &hearts; goodnight.