I LOVE Black Friday
I know that Black Friday isn't really a holiday, but if it was, it would be one of my favorites!  Where Thanksgiving was dissapointing, Black Friday was surprisingly awesome.  I woke up this morning, and didn't manage to get over to Marisa's until about 11, even though I was planning to get there at 10.  We're always late, so I guess I should have foreseen that.  Her friend Brian, from NYU was there, and we all left for Providence.  In case you don't know Providence, RI is home to one of the greatest malls I've ever seen, the Providence Place Mall is 3 stories of shopping madness, complete with a Nordstrom, and an I-MAX theatre.

Anyway, when we left Marisa's house I was not feeling too optimistic.  I knew that this was the biggest shopping day of the year, and I was kind of afraid that we might get trampled to death or something.  The car ride was fun, hair rasing at some points (Marisa is a terrible driver), but we made it in one piece, and found a great parking space in like 5 minutes.  The mall was actually not even that crowded.  We were all hungry, and all love the Cheesecake Factory.  Even though I assumed it would be too crowded to get a table, we tried our luck, and only had to wait 15 minutes for a table.  Lunch was huge and delicious, and Marisa and I ordered cheesecake to go.  The reason we did this is because we like to see 3D movies at the IMAX theatre, and nothing compliments a 3D movie like a piece of cake.

Next stop was Nordstrom, one of my favorite stores ever.  Of course, there was Christmas decorations, everywhere, and Oh Holy Night was playing when we entered the store.  I had promised myself that I wasn't going to buy anything, but the temptation soon became too much to handle.  I found a really great pair of True Religion Jeans, and hat that I really wanted.  So I went back on my original resolution and bought them.  Marisa got a pair of Uggs because they are warm, neither of us cares for them, and then we saw "Magnificent Desolation: Walking on the Moon 3D."  After that we went home, and went to Callie's house.  I saw a bunch of people and it was a really fun day.

YAY BLACK FRIDAY!