Oh boy..the nervousness is setting in
Yup, I am 100% full of nervousness now. Not in a bad way though. Just that I want to get the birthing part/pain over with. I made a decision this morning, I want to at least feel the contractions in the beginning once I get induced but for a short time afterwards I WANT AN EPIDURAL. I realized, this is our first baby, a large one at that LOL and who am I kidding? I'm gonna have some healing and afterpains to deal with so why make myself suffer? The only major concern I have is, will I have a hard time pushing him out if I'm so numb? but, I realize that so many people have done it successfully before (yup, Val you're on that list!! LOL) so I have to keep telling myself I can do it. My mom firmly believes so much that my labor will be short, especially since I've already started to dilated and all. I have to admit, THANK GOD I"m not going in tomorrow morning having a cervix that hasn't started doing ANYTHING..LOL Sorry, wow..again so much "tmi" but I can't help it.. And I really want to be able to somehow someway enjoy the birth without so much pain (if possible, since epidural availability is not 100%..argh!). Ok Ok I could really keep going on and on so let me leave this update at this- I'm sure everything will be fine and I can't wait until he's born so I can kiss his little face!!! Just typing that makes my stomach tense with excitement!!!! Yeah, I won't be sleeping much tonight at all. How the hell can I?? LOL and with all of the things left I have to do today, geeeeez, maybe that will tire me out. I hope!! And on another positive note today is Ricky and I's 2nd year anniversary!!!! Awesome!!! I does not feel like 2 years, more like 1!!! I guess that's good right? LOL I can't wait to go out to dinner tonight- our last night out as a two-some. It's kinda cool we have the induction planned because it prepares us more so we are able to say, "this is the last this" or "this is the last that..." and today, as stupid and silly as it is, I said goodbye to my belly. I won't miss it, but in case I do for some crazy, hormonal reason I can say that I said goodbye..LOL Well, wish us luck tomorrow! Until then I'll be running around wearing myself out on purpose to make me sleep tonight. Cause honestly, I've done ENOUGH resting (it got boring). Take it easy all =)