Sometimes you can't make it on your own <3
I was up until 2 last night because I couldn't sleep to fall asleep without Sean. He went back on duty at midnight last night, and I can never sleep when he's on duty. Strike that- I can never sleep when he's not here. I don't want to imagine what it's going to be like if he gets deployed :( I finally got into our big bed all alone and read until I passed out sometime after 3, until I heard the side door in the garage open, which meant he was finally home (at 7 am). I finally slept wonderfully once het got out of uniform and got in bed and we slept until around 11, when Chance & Danni came over and we decided to go see Chronicles of Narnia. I loved it, I thought it was great, Chance liked it, Danni hated it, and Sean said he would have rather watched Gone With The Wind all day then see that again (Oh, and by the way, Sean HAAAAATES Gone With The Wind). We came home, did laundry, and a few hours ago, I checked my email. See, a week ago I was looking around on MTV's website and came across the page for the "True Life" documentary series. It turns out that they were looking for people in the military for a new documentary called "True Life: I'm Getting Deployed to Iraq." So I wrote them a long ass email telling them how I had only come down to South Carolina to visit Sean, when he proposed to me, and we eloped a few days later. I wrote how since Sean is in Aviation Ordnance and they build all of the bombs and guns for the jets, that Ordnance is one of the shops that deploys the most. Being that there are only 30 or 40 people in Ordnance here, most of the guys have already been deployed one or more times. I wrote that Sean and I are planning a bigger, more traditional ceremony back home in October 2006, and we fear he might be on the deployment list in early 2006, and will miss out on our 2nd wedding. I didn't hear anything all week until tonight, when I saw that I had an email from MTV. I got excited, because why would they send me an email just to tell me we weren't selected? Soooo it turns out that the producer loved our email and she is selecting us as one of the couples to be on the show! I am sooo excited, but Sean's a little pissed because he feels that his life as a Marine should be private, not publicized. But I begged and pleaded and he finally caved in. So the producer is calling me tomorrow to go over the filming schedule and all sorts of legal stuff. I am soooo excited. We're not doing it for any publicity or just to be on TV, I want to do it because I want all of the civilians (aka: non-military affiliated people) to see what it's like to live the military life. I want them to see how hard it is to say goddbye to my husband every day he goes to work, because with all of the dangerous things he works on, he might not come home that night. I kiss him and tell him everyday how much I love him, with the hopes that he's waiting for me when I walk in the door from work everyday. I want people to realize how much my husband hates the war and disagrees with it, but does what he does everyday to protect our family and friends and to secure our future, as well as everyone elses in this country. 

Time for bed. Goddd, I feel like we're an old married couple. We got to bed so early, hahahaha. But I love it and wouldn't change anything in our life together.