end of the semester
The semester is almost over. I vividly remember moving in to the point where it seems like yesterday. Like any other period in my life there have been ups and downs. But overall I love it here. Even if I'm freezing my ass off now, the fall was absolutely gorgeous. It's a great place to be and for the most part there's usually stuff to do. Frisbee was incredible and has really made my time out here infinitely more enjoyable. It's meeting a new group of good kids and something to be part of. Tournaments were fun to play at and it was something I could put my heart and soul into. It was something other than class that I could put energy into, something to be dedicated to, and something that kept me active. I can't wait til it starts again in the spring.

Then there's the awesomeness of meeting new people. The people here are cool for the most part and I feel at home when I'm here. My roommate is a little insane, but then again so am I, so we get along well. It's good to have people who not only hang out with you when you're up, but are there for you when you're down. However, I can't wait to see people from home though too because I miss them, it will be nice being there. What you have to do with college is enjoy college when you're there and home when you're home because hoping to be in either place when you can't be doesn't do a whole lot of good. 

As for my classes they were mostly good. I found myself worrying about B's depending on the class, which never would have happened in high school. The classes were all fun and interesting with the exception of comp  lit which was a little ridiculous. Even writing, which I never really expected to like ended up being very interesting. I would be fortunate to have classes like these next semester. People at home, I will you on Wednesday. People from college, I will miss you like hell and hopefully see you over the break at some point.

I would continue to rant about my college experience, but there are more important things. Christie Browne got into Colby. Christie, I am so extremely happy for you. High school is a really difficult time and now it's finally paid off. I'm really proud of you, I hope you're proud of what you've accomplished because it's really a great thing. In getting into college, it's obvious that you're really smart and talented. Yet, none of that will ever compare to your enormous heart, you're a really great and true friend who I'm lucky to have. Congratulations and Best of Luck!!!