Snow days mean nothing during exam time
Fun new icon? Check. Friends and family? Check check. Great to be home? Oh, yes yes yes. And it is great to have Ricky around as well. I would not be surprised if he were asked to move in, and me out. My dad, Ricky, and I all survived the whiteout storm we hit in upstate NY, although my driving was no help. Dad left for Taiwan the next day (bloody long trip, that!), while Ricky and I spent most of the day sleeping, studying, and then watching lots of American TV. We concluded that GSN (Game Show Network), and E! would probably be enough distraction to kill any work habit we have up North. TV Land had a nice "50 most unexpected moments in televison," and we didn't make it to bed until 2ish. When we got up at 6 (under some wacky idea that we would do more homework), we observed that the latest front had dumped 5" of snow in 4 hours. Luckily my next door neighbour and my dad recently co-invested in a snow blower that he was only too happy to test out on my driveway and sidewalk. Seth 1, Physical Labour 0. I was required to go next door and babysit (read: play NBA Live '06 and Madden '05, mixed with some mad Oreo eating, and then a game of Wizard of Oz Monopoly(TM)...my lion lost to the twister). I then made the boys get their coats, for it was quarter after 4, and there was no way Ricky and I were missing our afternoon Narnia fix. I really enjoyed it. It had flaw, both acting wise and editing wise (so NOT in front of a river there, Susan), but it was fun. I liked seeing more costumes and less computer animation than LOTR; it felt more natural, more Narnia, more kid-like. My only real problem was Peter's inabilty to realise that  having high ground in a battle is a good thing , not something to give up in a head on charge against greater numbers. I guess he is only a kid, so I'll let this one slide. Oh, and I am going to be a fawn. Or Scotish. Or walk around with no shirt, scarf only. Or a combination of sorts. Be forewarned. After the movie, I exposed my wayward Canuck to the joys of Coldstone Creamery and Toby's; Hey Micky, he likes it! More studying of music, more procrastination, and getting up in 5 hours to take the early bus into NYC. Loving life x1000 plus...everything.