Random Rants and Raves
First, a couple of plugs:
I hate to knock another community, but I must admit I am thoroughly unimpressed with &lt;lj user = "booktards"&gt;. It's nice in that it's an active community, but most of the posts seem to revolve around how many books are being read, and few actually take the time to offer deeper, more thoughtful reviews of what I consider to be relatively decent novels (I'm not trying to knock anyone else's reading habits or anything, but I really don't think "The Princess Diaries" consitutes "good" literature). So, I think everyone needs to check out &lt;lj user = "litfic"&gt; (I hope &nbsp; doesn't mind the plug!) It's a very new community, but I think it will be much more engaging than &lt;lj user = "booktards"&gt; once the ball gets rolling. I've also started my very own book of the month community: &lt;lj user = "monthlybookchat"&gt;; I'm hoping to get enough people on board so we can vote on a book to read in January, so come join me. :-)
Last night I braved the cold and went to see Walk the Line with my friends Russ, Angie and Paul. It was an amazing movie, and I strongly recommend it. As&nbsp;a Johnny Cash fan, it was interesting to see little snippets from his life that aren't always evident in his music: the tragic childhood accident that haunted him throughout his life, the strained relationship with his father, his strong desire to be a musician, etc. And, of course, the best part of the movie was the portrayal of the strong connection between Johnny Cash and June Carter that kept them bound to one another through many incredibly difficult times. Reese Witherspoon and Joaquin Phoenix were quite convincing in their roles and, in my humble opinion, both Oscar-worthy. 
The college was closed today "due to inclement weather," which I find awfully amusing as it is currently sunny and warm outside. Apparently the ice this morning was a tad on the treacherous side, but the roads seem perfectly fine now, and I don't think the closure was necessary. I am currently at work, but did take advantage of the snow day in that I came in about an hour and a half later than normal. Eric and I made omelets and watched the Gilmore Girls for a while before work, and that was nice. :-) 