15 minutes of fame
It has been a very interesting day. It started with phil and i going to the Greensboro parade. We were going since kelsey was in it because her bagpipe band was marching. We were going to throw stuff at her, but she called phil on his way to my house and said the people that were supposed to hold the sign in front of them didn't show up and they couldn't find anyone else. So she asked if we could do it and we said yes. The problem was time. We had 10 minutes for phil to get me, get to downtown greensboro, and find their spot in the parade. We made good time, getting there in 20 minutes. That includes driving there, parking, and running 6 blocks to where the band was. They had already started marching but one guy was holding the banner and playing so we climbed over the rope that blocked people off from the street, grabbed the sign and unrolled it in front of the band and started marching. It was quite fun. I was definitely on TV because we marched past many cameras. One time, however, we weren't looking back and the band had stopped, but phil and i kept moving. We were a ways ahead before we realized and so we stopped and waited for them to catch up a bit. Afterwards, we chatted with the band and it turns out the leader was Mr Aumun, my old Middle School Band teacher. And he remembered me. He's still a cool guy. After walking Kelsey to her car, phil and i went for some funnel cake...it is a parade after all. But we were on the wrong side of the road for funnel cake and as phil and i found a gap in the parade to cross, some lady was like, "Hey, you guys were just IN the parade!" And i just said, "Yes, we were" and ran across the street. We were celebrities! So i got the funnel cake, called amanda to brag :-P, and then phil and i left for my house to try to fix up my dad's broken laptop he gave to me. We figured we could reformat it and that may fix it, since it was running on Windows ME, which was a very bad system. But we had to go to phil's house to get the windows disk. We made a pit stop by kelsey's to hang out for a bit which was fun (i got cake). Then off to phil's for computer reformatting and starcraft. Now the computer appears to be working fine, so once i put Office on it, i will have a 20GB laptop to back up my files on....as long as nothing goes wrong with it. All-in-all it has been a very interesting, random, and great first day back in the boro.