The Curse of The Car
 Okay so I'm feeling better today after all my venting in my previous entry what I'm not feeling good about is my lack of sleep lol well there is not much I can do about that exceot try to go too bed which is not happing. Sigh I got home from a rough day at work at 2am, sat down and started watching Survivor Season Finally I was so excited and got really into since i made sure no one told me who won. I was a little let down when Lydia was voted out you know she was playing the Rupert card too a letter but I still loved her ah crazy happy Lydia damit you desirved too win in my books atleast.

Moving on Lydia got the boot, then followed by good old Rafe too blind too see that his own words of kindess caused him too make a million dollar mistake oh well what can you do. So it was left too the final two Dani and Steph and just after the jury said their bit and it came too the closing agruements WHAM my tape runs out.
You could not beleive the expression on my face it was utter shock I could not beleive it in all 11 season of Survivor I have never missed the final episode and the reunion show. I was pissed off I kicked my tv stand which hurt I recommend never too do that and shut off the t.v. I looked over many sites too get the understanding of what happened after that, sigh I wish I could know who voted for who and why damit, damit!

So the 12 season rolls around hum what can I say other then hum you know me I'll find a way too watch it lol! Okay so it turns out I was not correct on the curse of the car I swore that in 11 seasons of Survivor one person won the car and won the game. Turns out there was a mix up on my facts, back in Survivor All Stars Rob won the car and took Amber with him and Amber also got a car too, so technically she won a car too so doesn't that mean the curse of the car is false. The curse refering to whom ever wins a car doesn't win survivor. I dunno you tell me what you think I think the curse is false since Amber won a car too and won the game, and Rob sorta won the game because his wife won the game wow confusing eh!

Anyways I'm looking forward too The Amazing Race finally on Tuesday which I will watch the whole thing all 2 hours of it-wooo hoo I hope my team wins (Team Florida). I'm off too bed now, wishing I could have seen what happened and the reunion show!