Post Surgery Update
OMG I CAN SEE!!!!!!!!!

I woke up this morning and groped for my glasses but I'M NOT BLIND ANYMORE! XD not that I was blind in the first place, I just felt like it sometimes. Hehehehehe! 

So let's see what happened yesterday. We got up not too early and then drove across the lake by the Causeway so I didn't get to see any of New Orleans, and even though there's not as many people living in Metairie as there were before the hurricane it's still FRIGGIN' CROWDED!!!! So we went to this restaurant named 'Zea's' that specializes in Rotissere but I don't really like that so I ordered a shrimp and pasta dish and it was all pretty good and my mom paid for us XD After that we still had like an hour and a half before we had to be at the surgery place so I begged my mom to go to Border's and they finally said ok so I GOT SOME COOL JAPANESE BOOKS! XD I got three, one about Japanese Particles, "More Making out In Japanese" (I already have the first one) and a slang dictionary called I think 'Beyond Polite Japanese' or something like that, and then we finally went in to the Surgery Clinic!

So anyways we went in and checked in they gave us VALIUM!!!! BWA HAHAHAHAHA! Which made me kind've crazy and also a little sleepy. We sang Sinatra in the waiting room and discussed the Rat Pack and stuff. And we put on these little hat thingys for the surgery and I left mine on because it matched with my jacket, they also made us wear nametags upside down, hehehe!

SO FINALLY AFTER 45 MINUTES I wanted to go first and they called me and brought me into the room with the lazer and then I had to lay down on this table where they put numbing drops in my eye then covered one eye, taped by my eyelashes and put these forcep type thingys in my other eye to hold it open. Then they swung me under the lazer thing and told me to look at the blinking light and then he put this thing on my eye a couple times like smoothing it or something but my mom told me later he was actually CUTTING my eye, then they put this suction thing on my eye and told me I would feel pressure and then everything went blank for a few seconds but I didn't feel anything and he's like "Ok the hard part's over" and I'm like THAT WAS THE HARD PART?! LOL it was nothing! Then this lady with the most NASA-ish voice start announcing the lazer seconds LAZER TREATMENT READY IN 50 SECONDS and then it started clicking and she was counting down seconds like by 10 and then 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 TREAMENT COMPLETE in an almost robotic voice LOL and then they smoothed on my eye to put the corneal flap back on and smoothed it and crap and then they took out all the stuff and did the same thing with my other eye. My mom watched the whole thing on a TV screen and she said it took 7 minutes tops, so it was really fast! ^_^ then they  made me sit in this dark room and put all these drops in my eyes every few minutes and then finally they put the Tobradex prescription in my eyes (I have to put it in every 3 hours) and then Rebecca got hers done and the Dr shined the bright light in our eyes just to check on it then he said everything was fine so we put on Sunglasses and left!

IT WAS A LONG DRIVE HOME OMG! And I felt so disoriented and I couldn't open my eyes OMG IT WAS AWFUL so we got home and ate some dinner watched Chrsitmas movies then put more drops in our eyes and my mom gave us each a sleeping pill and I went to bed at FREAKING 9:30 after she taped the EYESHIELD'S to my eyes LOL! I SLEPT FOR 13 HOURS WOW! Today we bummed around and then went in for our Post Op appointment at 3:40 and then we went shopping! I got something for Austin, a DVD for my mom, and some world Market goodies and MORE EYEDROPS we are EYEDROP JUNKIES and I'm going to have to carry them with my everywhere but hell I CAN SEE! The Dr said my vision was 20/50 right now and that was in the right range because the correction I had was larger than Rebecca's so I should be hazy a few more days and then I'll go to 20/20 but already it's like a 100% better than how it was before.

WHUTE WHUTE WHO CAN SEE WITHOUT VISUAL AIDS?! THAT'S RIGHT ME! And I got a new Dean Martin CD YAAAAAAY ^_^  Now if only I could find my Roxio CD maker...it's been missing since Lappy came back from the shop. RAR those Best Buy peopleeee!!! XD well I guess I should stop blabbing, I'm going back to work tomorrow 10 to 7 and my mom keeps going ARE YOU SURE YOU CAN DRIVE?! LOL yeah! I'll just bring my sunglasses just in case and of course my huge amount of drops XD word word word! Ja ne!