Christmas cheer....
Hi everyone, I thought I would update you all in the spirit of the holidays. It's what has been what has been surrounding me everywhere as of late. :)
&nbsp;Teaching is still going wonderfully. We nearly had a snow day, or at least a late start last week, but no such luck. Do you remember&nbsp;wishing so much&nbsp;for a snow day as a student? Now here I am wishing for a snow day as a teacher, how funny! :) The kids as a whole are doing well on most days. I had one rough day with them last week, but I am trying to be emphatic, as it is so close to Christmas! 
This week is the final week before the Christmas break starts, and I am really&nbsp;looking forward to all the activities going on. I am going to read aloud the Gingerbread man on Monday and then&nbsp;will be&nbsp;teaching paragraph writing and sequence writing with the story all week long. I love how my principal is so flexible and allows me the freedom to pretty much plan whatever I want to. As long as I cover the 3rd grade benchmarks that is, and paragraph and sequence writing are both 3rd grade benchmarks. :) 
I am also going to be spending time making ornaments for&nbsp;my kid's&nbsp;mom and dad and prepping for their class party on Friday! Whew, teaching is a lot of work! :) And speaking of parties, I have had my total fill of partying with those in my staff I can assure you. Thursday was the staff holiday party and that was loads of fun. You can tell our staff is so young by how long they stay usually and how much fun they have. Our principal was kind enough to provide plenty of good alcohol for us. The party started at 3:30 and I was in the last group to go at 9:00. :) Then the next day, my teammate had her very fun birthday celebration at a nearby bar after school, which many attended after school. I stayed until 11:00 this time. ;)&nbsp;Do you think our teachers ever partied so much with their staff? Makes me wonder sometimes... 
Nothing too much is new, not dating anyone now, but I hope I can find someone to go to King Kong with me this week. :) I am planning on going home to Lebanon for the Christmas break and maybe some of us can get together! I've got a new cell number in case you missed it- 541-497-3233 I hope your holiday season is nothing but happy for you! :)
Cheers!
Becky