MMm perfection
I have had a great Sunday. I didn't get to sleep in (which would have made it the perfect Sunday) but I did get to wake up with a happy baby which is almost as good. (Perfection would be getting to sleep in and waking up with a happy baby.) 

We got up he had breakfast, sometime later the hubby got up and together he and I made fried egg sandwiches for our breakfast. I then put in a pork roast with some sauerkraut, trying out a few new things in order to find the perfect moist and yet flavorful roast. I then puttered around, reading the fabulous and funny Yarn Harlot (who I was directed to by the nice ), and getting the gumption to be -very- brave in my knitting and do things like sweaters and hats and mittens and all sorts of beautiful things that she just -does- in days. 

This course of action might mean paid for lessons for women who have more patience and understand patterns better than I do. 

After a while, we fed the boy some sandwich, pineapple, and applesauce for lunch (I ate the rest of his pineapple for my lunch) and the day whiled away with Loren playing 'Gun' on the xbox (which he recommends heartily) and me reading Yarn Harlot and the boy getting played with and cuddled by both. Then around 8 or so we had a lovely fabulous dinner of pork roast, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes, and all those little tricks I tried worked out and the meat was not only meltingly tender but moist as well and flavorful. Flushed with victory the boy got a bath, became a clean looking, clean smelling cherub once more, had his final drink of milk and toppled gratefully in bed at 10. I read a little more Yarn harlot, then decide to round out the night by making toll house cookies.

As I speak the house is full of warm chocolate smells and the cookies fresh from the oven have filled me up completely. I ask you, what is better than a freshly baked cookie? all warm and sweet and having no purpose other than to be pleasing to you. Very few things can say that.

All in all, this was a wonderful Sunday and I'm sort of glad we're a bit broke right now, it forced us to slow down and enjoy what we do have and I really needed that.

I'm hoping all of your Sunday's were good as well.