The most amazing thing just happened...
This is kinda a long story, but I bet I could probably tell it in one breath if I wasn't typing...

So last night a bunch of people from FLU went looking for Christmas lights. We took 2 cars and drove around, and people in Gainesville just don't have Christmas spirit, because, like, only one house every block or 2 was decorated :( We went to Target and made somores and saw the puppy again, but I was still kinda bummed about the lights, because that has always been my favorite part of Christmas, and I really just kind of have felt like I want to go home to enjoy all the Christmas stuff and I want exams to be OVER!

So tonight I decided I really hate studying, and I really can't focus in my room with the TV and internet, so I decided to go out somewhere, and Starbucks seemed like the logical place, except I knew the one on Archer would be insane, so I went to Newberry, which was also packed, so I went to the one by the mall and sat there for an hour and studied for AMH and had a VENTI (I am going to be up all night) peppermint mocha, which was yummy.

Then, I was driving back to Lakeside when I saw a lake with a TON of CHRISTMAS LIGHTS at the medical center across from the mall, so I made an illegal u-turn, parked illegally, and walked around the lake to look at all the lights!!! It was SO BEAUTIFUL!!! 

For the first half of my way around the lake, I was really wishing that Tyler was there, because there were a few other couples wandering around, and that's really hard to see sometimes when your boyfriend is 5 states away :( But then I kind of felt like God was like, "Dude, Brittany, hello! I just gave you these beautiful Christmas lights to enjoy!" I was discouraged about not being in Pinellas where everyone decorates and home for shopping and baking and decorating and wrapping, and stressed about exams, so He sent me a beautiful lake and Christmas lights to remind me how much He loves me and cares about me, and how He will give me all of the discipline and memory and peace I need to do well on exams!

So I spent the second part of the way around the lake thinking about what an awesome God I have- that the creator of the universe delights in ME and wants to romance me until I am totally in love with Him and focused on Him- not Christmas traditions or exams.  

So I just thought I would share that, cause its cool story ;)
And if you're in Gainesville, I would defintely suggest checking it out!