Snow Town Politics
There have been many things that have pissed me off in the last year, but probally nothing more pisses me off than the politics of winter use up here in Yellowstone Park. To tell you the truth I want to have nothing to do with it. All I want to do is my job as a winter guide in Yellowstone. I am not living up here to change policy, nor do I want my name associated with anything like that. I just want to take my groups into Yellowstone and have a Grand Ole time. I may talk politics from time to time, it can be hard to avoid such things up here, but I will not be a part of any group or organization that wishes to change winter use policy. Now I do believe in education on the park and ongoing park policies, but that is as far as I go.
I remember many winters up here, and yes we had a few problems here and there, but people generally were happy with their winter experiences up here. This winter has the possibility of being a good one, hotels are booked and snow levels are at an all time high. :-o)
So my simple goals this winter, are to stay out of the politics, to guide and have a good time. 
My main focus for my move to these parts has always been to enjoy the nature in this area, and to study in the Healing Arts. The latter is my most important goal. To get my Healing Bussiness going.
I have had some difficulties here, and I have come to realize that this town does not have the clientele for the type of work I wish to do. This is ok, for at least I have a space to study and create, and I have a few friends in the area that provide some support. It is not my desire to create that type of clientele here. I will at some time move to a larger community, one that has a college, and clientele that will appreciate my services.
But for now I will enjoy my winter wonderland in everyway possible. And one way will be to x-country ski, and get into shape, so come summer time wherever I may be, I will have the strength to collect herbs (if need be) and do other projects related to the Healing Arts.
I wish everyone well, and hope we all have a great winter season up here! :-o)