Best Weekend Ever .. 
Hey whats up everyone? Wow i definitely havent written anything in a long time. It's Sunday night and i had the best possible weekend EVER. I am soo happy because the weekend could not have been any better!! Friday was the snow day so obviously it was awesome that we got to stay home from school. I actually got to sleep lateeee for once lol. Then Friday night i had to work til like 11:00 but it actually wasn't that bad so i dont care. Saturday morning i dont remember what i did but then Saturday night, me and Jay had *date night* and it was sooo much fun. We went to the movies, then we went to his house and cuddled up together and watched another movie together, then we ate those amazing Hershey's kisses that are like chocolate and cherry .. omg they are the most amazing things i have ever tasted. Then i went home late that night. Then today we got up kinda early and we spent the whole day shopping together. I had to do some major Christmas shopping and stuff. So we went to the Commons and then to the Middletown Mall. I got everyone's presents so im pretty much done now (not quite but almost!). Then on the way home we went to dinner at Fridays and it was sooo good. I love going to dinner because its such a cute thing to do together. I dont know lol i love it. Now, im home and relaxing but i havent had that much fun in a longg time. We always hang out and do fun stuff together but for some reason, this weekend was just absolutely perfect and i wouldnt change a thing about it. I love my boyfriend more than anything in this whole entire world and i dont know how i got so lucky but im glad hes mine :) i dont know what id do without him. Id be so lost and unhappy. Its a good thing we love each other so much and were gonna stay together no matter what! 

Baby i love you soooo god damn much! Thank you for the most amazing weekend ever. I wouldnt have that much fun with anyone else. All the fun things we did together, we were sooo cute baby. I love you with allll of my heart and i will love you *forever* no matter what <3

Anyways, now im gonna go hang out and lay down or somethin so ill see you all tomorrow or talk to you later. Im out,xO.