Doctor Doctor what am i here for? cant you see that i dont need this place?
Yesterday was the best day ive had in a while. granted Kristi wok eme up at say 8 in the morning on a saturday but it was worth it, we left homea nd got to fortune at 9 30 ish. first snowboarding of the year iw as so happy so we stayed until 2. i met up with justin and brandon at the hill and had a pint befor i hoped into the car and slept the whole way home. then got out of the car showered like a mad mother and got dressed went to t eh mall, caught the bus and saw the best concert ever. It was wicked, kristi and i got their just in time and it started just as we got to the fron row. verry impressive. bombs over providence was first and they were prety good then the Ful balst went and they were great an di got spit/sweat all over me from a band member, which was cool and then the main event and the reason for my going...Boys night out...ugh they were absolutely amazing iw as pushed so hard against the stage that i thaught my knees on my jeans ripped adn my legs were bleeding, luckily they didnt rip an di wasnt bleeding although they are now worn hard and my legs bruised still WICKED SHOW i sang in the mic with the lead singer too and iheld him up as he leaned into the crowd, he smelt like cordoroy, prolly from his cordoroy jacket and crazy tight pants. i sang along and was soo happy the whole night i met new people and got gropped  by many, but thats what shows do to you. ater wards we (*kristi and i *) grabbed a second cup and headed home. hwe got to the mall to wait for her mum and went to the scottish shop where i found my most favorite chips from scotland ever so i bought two bags and kristi and i split them. D-LISH. Once i got home alex came over with Jay and jay and kristi smoked a joint while alex and i claimed the downstiars couch, we all watched fungully and laughed as kristi and jay tripped out watching fairies in the movie. they left and alex stayed but i couldnt find my parents after they had gone out so i started to freak out and alex was amazing takeing care of me and i told himi was staying up to wait for mum and dad. he told me he owuld stay unitl they got backa nd so i sat on the couch with hima nd hetold me to sleep so i fell asleep with him while he stayed upa dn watched tv and waitied for mum and dad to get home and he woke me up then. hes fantastic. one of the best days ive had in a long time. now my body is acheing and i can barely keep my eyes open and its only 7 36. so happy