best night of my life
Ok. So last night was our Winter Formal. So at like 4:45 Ali came and picked me up and we went and picked up our dates and 2 other couples, Duke and her b/f and Emily and Matt (my morp date). Then we headed down to Macaroni Grill where we met up with like 6 other couples. Dinner was fun. I played Tic-Tac-Toe with Beams and we drew some awesome pictures and just talked with everyone. Then we headed to the dance, it was at the University of Utah (my future college,hopefully!). We were some of the first people there so we got our pictures taken care of really fast and by the time they were done there were actually people on the dance floor. We danced for like 2, 2 and a half hours. And we got soooo into it! I decided that i absolutely love to dance. My date is seriously me in boy form! He had as much energy as me all night and we were like the craziest people there. And thats saying something cuz everyone was going crazy. Then at like 9:30 we went downtown and went ice skating. That was super fun to! We had to change into  normal clothes in the car and we made the boys do it in the undergroud parking where we were haha. then we went skating Beams and I decied to be bullies and tried knocking everyone down and we played tag with our group. Emily fell once, Matt once, and Beams twice hahaha. I didn't fall once woop woop! Haha when we were walking back to the car i gave Beams a piggy back ride and then Matt jumped on Beams back and i almost fell but Beams caught me just as i was about to hit lol. Then we went to this girls house and watched Hitch. Me and Beams had a LoveSac and Matt and his date kept trying to steal it from us. I totally think Matt has a thing for me. He was picking on me alllll night! Like when we were watching the movie he kept throwing pillows at me and sat on my head on a pillow multiple times and he actually crawled over and gave me a wet willy! It was gross lol. And that is sooooo not Matt, he is the calm, sarcastic one. But idk throughout the night i think i developed a thing for Beams. We were like semi-cuddling(lol) on the LoveSac and when we were ice skating we would lock arms and he would put his hands on my waste and push me around. And i've just been thinking about him all day. And this prob sounds retarded but on one of thoes survey things that you fill out he did one on MySpace and it was like 'name 4 people' and i was the first one he listed! But at the same time i have feelings for Matt and Brandon too. They are all so different and that is what makes it so hard. I'm just going to play it cool and see what happens. I am in no hurry lol. But yah that concludes the best night of my life. I have never laughed so much or been so crazy. It was awesome. Well i love you girls!