singing is scary
Well, i did it.  (Not that "it", Braddles!! hehe)  I went to my singing teacher's house today and sang in front of about 25 people, and i didn't die!  Hooray :D  The last time i did that was with a different singing teacher, she hired out a hall, there were about 60-70 people there, and i stuffed up my song (everyone else who sang was fairly excellent) and nearly died.  This time was nice because nobody made a huge deal of it and everyone there was a real person who wasn't the next Australian Idol and most people were nervous like me.  Oh, and i didn't stuff up my songs (not too much anyway)!  'Twas nice.  I never realised how much harder it is to sing in front of people than it is to play an instrument, i mean i would get nervous if i was playing flute at a concert or in AMEB exams but i could always control my breath and my knees weren't shaking!  I wonder why singing is so much worse.  Anyway i have to say thank you to Tommy (like i haven't said it already) cos he changed his whole schedule for today when i told him at the last minute that this thing was on.  I'm very glad he came :)
But enough of that.  Holy crap my singing teacher's house is HUGE!!! It just keeps going!  And her husband collects art and resells it so their house is just full of paintings and sculptures, and strangely like 500 different agate and crystals everywhere!  Then you go out the back and there's a mega paddock, a swimming pool.. and Galston Gorge :P which i suppose explains why she doesn't have many neighbours, considering it's kinda hard to live on a vertical slant :P But yeah.  I would love to move to somewhere like that, maybe not that far from the rest of the world, but somewhere quiet and pretty and with room to have a horse.  *lola dreams of owning a horse...*
Anyway must be off, hafta plan Christmas presents, not that i have any money to get them :P
chau!

Lola's philosophical-sounding thought of the day: no comedy routine devised by humans will ever be more entertaining than watching penguins

-.-