NIN
w00t!!!! I missed NIN earlier this year when they came to Montreal and when I heard they will come back in the area, this time in my town, I knew I wasn't going to miss that one! I bought the tickets last Saturday! :D The show will be in March though. Can't wait! =)

Last night was the xmas party where Jimmy works. Free beer and punch! It was okay, Todd and his girlfriend came home a few hours earlier so we got wasted before going :P His girfriend gave me nice black velvet arm warmers! Exactly what I was looking for!! :D

So, we went there and played bowling... (ah well) :P There was a thingy where you can try to win a plush, so Jimmy tried it and won me a cool Pirate SpongeBob! :D Had a few chats with Todd, Amelie and Alex, then everybody was going back to the store for more party. But before this we went home with some of them and got even more wasted. Then back to the store for more free beer, punch and pizza. Then back home. Since it was nearly 5:00 when we got back home and Jimmy was working at 8:00, we stayed up, drank coffee and played Fable the Lost Chapters. We both felt really sick today but I'm starting to feel better now. We had a good time! :D

I might go to Hudson for New Years Eve..to see all the people I haven't seen in years. And cousins that have children that I haven't seen yet :P It's not sure yet, but I really hope we go.

Tonight, around midnight, we heard loud sounds coming from the store on the other side of the road. There was some random drunken/junkie idiot throwing bottles and braking the store's windows. The police came 5 minutes after but he ran away. However, some lady came out of a house to tell them the man's description. They catched him about 10 minutes after. It made me have a good evil laugh. :P I so hate this kind of asshole and can only laugh my ass off when one of them is having the results of it's own stupidity thrown right in it's face. Ahh, the mere thought of moving out of this place maybe next year makes me feel so good! =)