Even though I don't like him, in the words of Emeril.....BAM!!!
So I had the biggest amount of weight taken off my shoulders on Friday. I mean, so big that I was prouncing around the journalism building with so much glee that my professors were laughing at me, but were proud of me nonetheless and were giving me hugs for this. Back in October, I applied for the Dow Jones Newspaper Internship. In the application process, I had to write an essay, fill out the app, send in my resume with references, and take an hour-long editing exam. Rather tedious, but I decided to go for it because I had nothing going for me so far. Well, two months later, I get a call. A call that if you think about it, changed my future. Lucky for me, I cut through Crosby that morning and decided to talk to my friends instead of going to class right away. Otherwise I would've never gotten that call or this opportunity. Yay for hating physics and never wanting to be there! So this call. It was from the selection committee for the internship, and....*drum roll please*...I am a finalist for the internship! I wish I had a tape recorder so&nbsp;I could hear how dumb I sounded to this lady. I'm not very smart-sounding on the phone, especially when it is good news. The "umms" and the "likes" come out more than usual. CURSES! 
But OH well, I know what I'm doing after I graduate! I will be moving to San Jose, Calif. May 28, and staying at San Jose State University for two weeks to go through "intensive training" in professionalism, copy editing, and headline writing. Then starting June 12, I will be 1...living with Jen (woo hoo!) and 2...starting my position as copy editor&nbsp;for the San Jose Mercury News for at least 10 weeks. The position is paid, and I'll have the best thing a up-and-coming journalist can have on their resume, a Dow Jones Newspaper Internship! According to my professors, this is like having the Pulitzer Prize on my resume coming out of college. HELL YEAH! 
So with that great news, I decided to go hang out with Robyn and her friends for the weekend and head out to Leavenworth to witness the tree lighting ceremony and just have fun! With the exception of my two finals this week, my life can't get any better. =)