Hey Im back
I haven't wrote in a while because I'm really busy. nyway So much has been going on. Let me start of with mi little sister, She is so anoying and a little brat today she got really mad because I was doing a bit of reaserch and she wanted to play and I said no and she threw a tantrum and about 3-4 pens and pencils at me. Ughh and lucky for me she can't read yet because she's right next to me anoying me making me get her things and now she wants to get me of the computer so she can play on Spykids.com and it is so anoying. The other thing that's been going on is that my "supposed" Best friend has been ditching me to be with her other friends So I told her " I'm sorry and all but I don't think we can be BFF's  with you anymore maybe we can just be normal friends " and she said " O.K. things will get better but Why don't you want to be BFF's anymore?" I didn't tell her I said for different  reasons. One of the reasons is that I'm sick and tired of her. and it's not just me it's also my new BFF. Each time she gets hurt by her "supposed" friends who is here to cheer her up me. And I'm sick 'n' tired of her always dropping her problems on me lke I don't have things to worry about. Then the other day when we got back from lunch she was upset because she and her other friend got in a fight and since me and her sit next to each other in class she tried to drop it on me. She was making all this noise waiting for me to ask her what was wrong. and after about 10 min. of this I couldn't take it any more so I said to her" Could you plese SHUT-UP" and she said " Fine then be the bad friend that you are" then I got really mad BAD friend, always sticking up for her, defending her, being there for her, BAD friend and then I blew up and said "I feel really sorry for you being so pittyful it's PATHETIC o.k. I'm tired of being there for you and then you ditching me so you can get hurt by the same people who hurt you in the first place. and I feel really sorry for the next Idiot who try's to be your friend. and besides who gave you permission to tell me that I'm a bad friend. Dude have you ever looked in a mirror. So have a nice day just leave me out of it" and the best part is that we had a strict sub so she got mad and asked who was talking an my really good guy friend( who had been listening to the entire thing and thought it was about time I told that girl off(he told me afterwards)) raised his hand andpointed to my ex BFF. She got totally blamed and got detention for 2 week's. and then the next day she told me she still wanted to be friends so I said o.k. and as usuall she got hurt and she came to me and guess what I wasn't there to help her when I saw she got hurt I was gonna be there for her then I thought what for and when she got to me I told her "I don't want to hear it you  brought upon yourself so you cand drop it all by yourself and I left and man that felt good. and that's basically all for today hope to write soon. (don't forget the comments on my great showdown w/ my friend) :-).