Saturday
Another bright and sunny day :) hopefully work wont be insane as a result of that, but it's been debatable for the past few weekends-->we havent had a *real* busy weekend for the past month or so. 

Im thinking of getting the "Music Inspired by Narnia" soundtrack today with my gift card-->I'm surprised they dont actually have the real soundtrack out yet, unless that *is* it...would be weird, though. I finally finished "The Magician's Nephew" last night, which was so good! Im starting "The Horse and his Boy" next, since I already read "LWW". "The Horse and his boy" is supposedly J.'s favorite book EVER, so im hoping it's as good as she says it is. of course, it's all a matter of opinion, but Ive liked the Narnia books, so far. 

well, I'm taking the 10:27 bus to work, so Ill have an hour or so to walk around Wal-Mart. it's been so insane in that store these past two weekends--of course, everyone's in there getting Christmas stuff etc. O.o it wasnt as bad yesterday as it was the past weekend, but still, the lines are much longer than they were earlier this year. ah well--not much I can do about that. 

anyway--not much to say this morning. slept well last night, so I'm feeling pretty refreshed right now. :) i only work till 8 tonight, but I wont be home till 9:30, since the next bus doesnt come till 9:15--there's one at 7:45. O.o grrr. but I did want to stop at B&N, so ill do that and waste time. :) when I was in the shower today, I realized just how red my nuckles on my right hand were--they're so dry! I need a really good lotion since my hands do get very cracked during the winter. :-P ouch! *whimper*

oh, and thank GOD id decided to take ibuprofin right away yesterday. I didnt have any cramps at all at work, which was a relief. my time of the month is starting to get a little heavier, but hopefully it'll be okay at work-->I packed several emergency pads in my bag, so I should be fine. yeah, TMI, I know. but i hate being menstral x_x at least i wont have it for the cruise--yes, keep telling yourself that O.O