Couldn't think of a title!
Had a really cool weekend! Decided to go home in the end and so so so so glad I did. We got the coolest Christmas tree ever ever ever! The poor man in the tree shop/yard was broke up by us. We took them all out and had to turn them round.( See the tree has to be good the whole way round because its goes against a glass partition so the whole of the tree is seen.) I think the guy was hurry up and buy something already! The one we got is mad. We had to cut so much off and &nbsp; The place looks really well and festive and oh the smell of the tree when you go into the living room is just gorgeous. I love Christmas! 
I didn't do anything on Saturday night. I know I stayed in, that doesn't happen very often! It was nice just to relax by the fire haven't done that in a long time. So looking forward to going home for longer than a day! I came back up to Galway on Sunday morning, Sandra came up with me. We had such a brilliant day! We wandered around town and we got to get Warm mulled apple cider and ginger cookies in the shape of a Christmas tree. It was really festivey. Went out last night then. Was one of the best nights I've had in ages! Everyone was in so good form! I even got to go to a new nightclub which was brilliant! The bouncer let me in for free and then later on in the night the dj came over and asked me if I wanted a membership card for the club so now I don't have to pay to get in there ever and the coolest thing, I get to skip the queue. ( Everyone knows I've no patience!!!!) THen shouts in there were 2 euros all night any shot, so we were drinkind some assortment! Of course I lost my coat ticket along the way somewhere and another bouncer saw me looking in my bag for it and he came over and got my coat for me so I wouldn't have to wait til the end of the club. It was so nice! And then I got to go get taco fries, hmmmmmmmmmm! And I'm fine today, was in college for 9:00!
Granted I don't feel like doing any work at all at all and I somehow don't think I'll get anything done considering I spent the last 2 hours drinking coffee and now I'm thinking of going for lunch and maybe walk around town for a while or out to salt hill, such a fabulous day up here, clear blue sky, frost still on the grass. So crisp and clear and clean. 
Well fingers crossed the rest of the week will go as it started.
Why the hell are my bears so wierd!!!!