HAPPY DAY!  :D
I was going to privately PM this person and thank him, but I feel this needs to be shouted to the world:

Lionel, Baby, I LOVE YOU!!!

I was expecting a package in the mail today for some beads that I had ordered a little while ago, and when I saw a package on the front porch, I was all happy.  But I was shocked to find that it was not, indeed, the beads that I was looking for, but a package from Lionel Lum.

I proceeded to tear apart the package, and inside Lionel had wrapped carefully in red tissue paper the CUTEST Belldandy plushie, a Sailormoon SuperS tecktie (HOW FREAKING COOL IS THAT!?), a container of M&Ms and a lovely Christmas card that had a hand-drawn picture of Belldandy!  It totally made my freaking day!  No, it made my week!

It really meant a lot to me, and I just wanted to tell him how much I appreciate everything from him.  But it really brought up an interesting highlight of my year: I have met a lot of really great people this year, and all of the people I've met and befriended have really made me the happiest person.

The beginning of this year started out really rough for me, as I had a huge falling out with my longtime mentor and it was really a hard blow to me.  To get my mind off of it, I really dove headfirst into cosplaying, and every convention I went to just made me feel better and better.  I got to meet so many awesome people this year who are just really amazing costumers, and it has just been so much fun.  So I want to thank all of you--everyone who has friended me on LJ and many other people--for just being really cool people and make me forget about all my worries that have happened.

I suppose this is kind of my end-of-the-year schpiel, so again, thanks everyone for being as cool as your are--I look forward to every convention when I get to see everyone; even people I've only met a few times, it gets me excited to go to another convention, cause that's just one more chance to get to know everyone even more!

And thanks so much again, Lionel, for everything--the photoshoot, the presents, the phone conversations.  Expect a HUGE thank you to come in the mail; I don't know if it'll be there before Christmas (since the post office is probably swamped right now), but keep a lookout for it!

<3 to everyone!