Ten more days!
Ten more days to X-MAS. You know, I started the month really not feeling in the mood for season, but now I've started feeling the Christmas spirit. I don't believe that we should give gifts to anyone we don't want to or can't afford to. I also believe that just because someone doesn't give me a gift that the non-gift-giver does not like me, want me, etc. There have been many years I've wanted to give a gift, but my broke college ass just couldn't afford it. So, the list of people who get cards or anything from me is purposefully small; it includes only people in my immediate circle. I don't make mass mailing lists, contribute to "mandatory" gift funds at work, or buy something for everyone I know. 

Anyone who feels pressure to go on the Christmas frenzy has lost the real spirit of Christmas. I believe that one should offer gifts out of love, not out of some underlying rule about what's proper. While the "Jesus is the reason for the season" slogan can seem irksome like "Bee alert, arive unhurt," it more closely resembles the spirit of Christmas. Behind it is the idea that selfless love is the most supreme gift, which is what we celebrate in the Nativity. Truly, friendship and partnership derive from this type of love. 

Alright, now that I'm done preaching (hehe), I'm excited about the upcoming holiday. I'm cooking Christmas dinner. I'm making a roast pork tenderloin in a red wine sauce. Also, while I've not been too churchy lately, I'll probably go to midnight mass. I've always liked this service. 

In other news, I went to see Lady Chatterly last night. We had dinner and then chocolate cheesecake at her house. Then we played Dictionary. I had had quite a bit of wine, so I was silly. And, I was given pajamas from Victoria Secret! HEHEHE! I can't believe I wore these last night. They are not silky, frizzy, or exceptionally girlie! They are simple red cotton pajamas with little christmas bows. We're talking Santa Clause colors here, folks!!

Anyway, must go. Got to eat.