Hail the Idiot Queen
The exam is over. The results are in God's hands now- well, him and the prof. I feel like I did really well, but there's a chance that I did really poorly too. It all depends on how my answers are interpreted. It's moments like these that I wish I was in a science. Then there would only be one right answer.

All of my family procrastinate. For instance, it took us 22 years to bother to put up Christmas lights along the eaves because I was the first one brave (or stupid) enough to climb up that high on the ladder. Yes, I can actually say I've done something brave for once in my life. You may hold your applause. This year, we decided to repeat the feat of daring. However in true one up fashion, mostly due to everyone having other things to do, we never got around to it and therefore increased the degree of difficulty dramatically. Today a storm was supposed to be coming which would make the ladder a bit unstable on snow covered ground if we put the lights up tomorrow, and I was in a really wacky happy throw me off a bridge and I won't care mood coming out of the exam, so I suggested that we get them up before the sun goes down and it gets dark. So, I'm up on the ladder, it's starting to snow, and it's just gotten dark. Too late to turn back, even if it was a really bad idea. Half on, half off just looks too weird. It snows harder. The ladder and my mittens both get very wet. Confession time- I'm scared of ladders. I'm even a little scared of heights. I just don't like that I'm scared of ladders so I do it anyway. I can't feel my fingers anymore. It's snowing really hard. I'm not sure where bravery ends and pure stupidity begins, but I have a feeling it's somewhere dangling on a wet slippery ladder after dark in the middle of a snowstorm. Yes, the lights did get up and look great, but I'm sure I gave the neighbours a good laugh in the process. Hooray for Christmas light procrastination.

Exam over and night off desperatly needed, I really wanted to watch a movie and get out of my little head for an evening before launching back into paper writing tomorrow morning. A funny thought occured to me. There is often a huge difference between what people think of as their favorite movies, and what their viewing habits say about what their favorite movies are. My favorite movie is definatly The Matrix. The original 3 Star Wars movies are in there too. But what do I actually watch for the umpteenth time? Bend It Like Beckham. I don't think I would ever list it in my favorite movies, but I really ought to. Always works as a good dose of both escapism and inspiration, both of which I needed after this week.