I am Nothing, but your something.
Hey, it's been one of those days, you know one of those good at the start but ended bad day. I woke up to Lacey(great), she left and went to work(Can't do much about that one but mark it up as bad I guess), I hung out wiht john and his car broke down and died on a highway and we froze(bad), Went to work(bad), Had plans for after work they got canceled(bad), Well either way it's not just events in which are bringing me down it's my train of thought for this afternoon and so on. I have discovered I'm scared, scared that I'm giving her something she has already had. I'm know putting my girlfriend to a band this band is Nine Inch Nails hmmm... It something she said to which brought this about it was that her ex got her into them, so now when I listen to them it is what is running through my head, hey don't jump to conculsions yet let me explain my reasons, Ok I really really really really like NiN, Lacey really really really really likes NiN, We share this but so did her ex, so I keep thinking that she really likes it because Julian really liked them, so now I'm am confused and cold and I'm having a bad ending to this seemed to be going really good day. I really want to dye my hair blue but I can't no money. It's funny how my life is coming together well it's something I once wrote that is making me relize this, Guy meets girl, guy asks girl out, guy likes girl, girl likes guy, guy and girl fall in love, and now I just need the years to pass. I feel pathatic I'm sitting home alone on a saterday night, covered in my blanket and doing nothing online, I think the cold weather puts me in a bad mood..........I don't want to work this week at all, I'm going to call out tuesday only, because wait nevermind I forgot, I guess I am going in no reason to call out! I'm guess I'm looking forward to my first concert with Lacey, which happens to be Nine Inch Nails, I think I'm just being stupid about the whole band thing anyway, I will just shake this bad feeling off like I did the other one I had before, I'm just getting deeper into myself these days, I'm not what I used to be, I lost a sence of being, it's the world I blame no one just the world well more media, I watch t.v I watch info ads on t.v. and i want these stupid things I see. I'm Lucky to have Lacey in my life, sometimes I don't think I give her enough, Well I love her and Thats aall that matters to me, I hope she doesn't think I'm weird becuase to tell everyone the truth I'm into her so deeply, well be fore I share my soul any more I'm going good night fruity nut joy bars of hope.


P.s. Modest Mouse Sucks Balls