So...
I'm done.  Done with pretty much everything.  Time for a change. (I am gald no one reads this) Anyway, as I was saying, I am ready to just stay at home sleep and be misrable by myself, if thats what it comes too.  I don't know if this is true, but this is how i feel and correct me if I'm wrong, yeah like anyone reads this, anyway.  I feel like all I do is running around and pleasing everyone else in an attempt to perhaps do something for myself.  When I do, do something for myself I get hurt everytime, weither its what i want people to think about me what I think of other people or what I just do in general I am always let down.  Maybe thats just the way things are just supposed to be.  I don't know I have said this time and time again, but I'm tired and its not just physically but emotinally.  Maybe I am to emotional, all I hear is how great I am and how wonderful a person I can be, SO WHAT!  First of all thanks for telling me great, thanks for reminding me of how great I am but not great enough to really do anything about it.  This is for EVERYONE, For my friends:  I know I am intelligent and a wonderful person.  I would do anything in the world to make you happy but AHHHHH!  Who the hell has done anything to make me happy.  This might be the anger talking but I don't care prove me wrong.  I want you to god damn it.  As for others this may concern, thanks a lot for telling me how great and wonderful and beautiful I am, thats great but when someone is lonely this doesn't make them feel better it only makes them say well if i'm all these things why am i not happy, what am i doing wrong, there must be something wrong with me, why else would i feel this sad all the time.  Maybe i can only be happy or depressed.  Maybe my happiness lies in loneliness maybe its not that bad maybe the sadness will just turn into well turn into something besides happiness or sadness, maybe if i'm lucky i won't feel anything anymore, maybe thats my dream to feel nothing anymore.  Maybe i'm i drama king.  I just feel like i'm to old for my age and i've had to much anguish in my life.  I know, have seen and understand things that i wish that would just go away.  I want to cry but that doesn't even help anymore.  I swear if i left this world people would cry for an hour and move on.  I'm no big thing, i'm no superman, i'm just broken.  I am a broken man with no hope for the future, sometimes i just wanna drive my car into oncoming traffic.  and to be totally honest it almost feels like everyday i find it harder and harder not to.  What makes a person happy, but more importantly what makes me happy, its been so long scence i have been happy because someone has done something for me that i don't even remeber what it feels like.  i define myself by what i do for other people, the only way i am happy is if i make someone else happy.  I try to be happy i honestly do and i do what I think will make me happy but i don't think no i know that that dream will ever come true.  I had a dream and now that dream is dead.  Maybe happiness for me is just an illusion.  I can fix all the world, i can make a smile child, i can make relationships, i can make one person in a crowd feel like the are the only person in the room so why can't i ever just smile and mean it.  I just want to feel, feel like a real person, i want to be alive for the first time i want to be loved how everone thinks i should but now i don't think thats what the world wants for me and you know what i don't know how much i want it anymore.  So thanks to everyone so far and if you still want to try whatever but i just want to roll over and...