
ok so0o i lost my poem book and not in a good mood i went to my first funeral today it was horribal and i kno that my problem isn't as important but i let myself fuckin trust again wtf is with my i trust guys and then its like they fuckin kno so0o then they'll just leave i mean wtf is new honestly this isn't the 1st or 2nd or even the 5th time hell i lost track when my fingers and toes were all used up like wut am i gunna do i tottally like this guy and he obviously doesn't care i was just another fuckin girl to have fun with and this happened before no my bad twice and yet i still didn't learn how much more fuckin stupid could i get honestly!!! ahh i hate this i hate it so0o0o0o0o0o much... i really don't kno wut to do i mean this is something thats gunna happen my whole life and i'm still not used to it i should be but i'm not ok so0o i can get used to rape sexual assult and sexual harassment but not being played by guys how does that make sence!!?!?!?!?! i jus wish i knew the answer to it ya kno? but i obviously don't and i prolly never will and home life sux pretty much wut else is new?.. i mean do i have to tell this guy look i like u and i want u like if thats wut i have to do give me a sign ya kno? here i am complaining about something so0o stupid when other ppl have so0o0o0o much bigger problems even though theres more that i wanna write well i mine as well so0o0o theres an alcoholic a person whos never home and one who has their b/f over every day so0o i never get to talk to her or see her... and shes my life... and another well she lives in FL how i'm supposed to live like this is comepletly beyond me like i've lived like this for a longggg time its nothing new but not my grades completly suck i've lost alot of friends and i get yelled at every day... its like they all kno when i'm getting better...all i kno is i need to get out of here like move away from meriden and my parents and my sister just for a while i don't think many ppl understand it but... who knows great i'm bout to cry again wut else is new?