Work my vengeance, Loretta
I'll be the first to admit, I can be a flake. Which sucks cause today I busted my ass to get out on time and was later than ever due to an accident on the Bay Bridge. Which 'wasn't an excuse.' Apparently I didn't budget enough time when I left an hour and a half early. I'M SORRY! I can't fucking control accidents that happen and don't get reported til I'm in the clutch of traffic. 

Then the play. I sucked major ass today. I keep getting flack about the costume changes, and I'm taking it as a personal attack but I don't give a shit right now cause it's frustrating. Maybe if we had some actual time to rehearse with costumes this would have worked. Most of the time, I have one fucking line to change my costume pieces and come back on stage. There is pretty much no one to help me cause no one else knows what the fuck they're doing, and they all have their own problems. Plus, something always happens: The zipper on the sweater gets stuck because it's too fucking tight (as I've said a million times) and the hat comes apart because my head's too fucking big. So, the transistions are hard and I'm trying to do the best I can. Here's what I get: It's unexceptable to be stall my entrances while I'm trying to get my stupid costume on, it's unexceptable to come out still changing and try to cover, my performance in general is unexcetable, and the actress from last year didn't have these problems. I"M SORRY! I"M NOT THE FABULOUS ACTRESS FROM LAST YEAR! I've tried to get my director to work with me to help simplify the transistions, but it was no go. She just can't understand why I can't make the transisitions work when the girl from last year could. Maybe if we had had some fucking  TIME to rehearse them, if could happen, but time is too fucking tight.

I'm in tears, I'm mad at myself and my director and this stupid show. Oh, and my stomach let loose during notes so I had to run off and hold up everyone else from being excused, and I felt even more the fuck up dilletante delinquent. (Jesus, can't a girl get sick to her stomach in peace?) My stupid stomach hurts, my jaw aches like a motherfucker, and I'm half passed give a shit. In my fantasy world, I threw a diva tantrum and quit and will not return until the director is willing to compromise.

Obviously, not real life. I'm gonna have to suck it up and go in tomorrow.

(Tomorrow? WHO CARES ABOUT TOMORROW?)

 

I really want drugs.