Marilyn Monroe day......
I went to the Gap today and bought some jeans and they had a really cute new cut specifically designed for "curvy" women. After a few minutes, I discovered to my sneaking suspicion (and horror) that I am now officially up a size. Grrrr.... All day long I have been processing this and have decided to drown my sorrows in Oreo cookies. I found this article online that gave me the courage to even go out to a mall and attempt the dressing rooms, it said that the average American woman is a size 14, the same size as Marilyn Monroe. I comfort myself in the fact that when I do reveal my dress size or weight to others, they are surprised and do not believe me at first. Part of me is like, "why do I even care? It doesn't matter what your size/weight is, just who you are on the inside, blah, blah, blah..." It comes from the issues my mother and my sister has/had as I grew up.

I always had a high metabolism as a child, and my grandmother would warn me that someday I wouldn't be able to always maintain a slim figure if I had such bad eating habits. Plus, I was mostly an indoor girl. Now, nearing 30, I discover that not only was she right about the metabolism thing, but my eating habits remain atrocious. I don't think I have an unhealthy view of myself, unlike my sister, who, at 5'8" and a size 6 still believes she has a ton of room for improvement. I also know I'm lucky that I have my height working for me and an extra 20lbs does not show easily. When I feel especially low, I have this nasty habit of comparing myself to other women and I am relieved when I see some of them and panicked when I see others. (Living among gorgeous, blonde California women can have that effect.) But all in all, glancing at myself in a store window can send me bolting for the mall parking lot in a NY minute.

I know I am not alone in this, but I do try to keep my complaints on the DL so I don't put my friends in the awkward position of trying to convince me of my assured loveliness and svelte-ness. I must admit, though, I have some friends and loved ones with the "imperfect" figure and their extra pounds seem to disappear. So why worry? I have vowed to myself that 30 will be the year I celebrate the best, hard-earned body I've had so far!