Just a note on Big Bang
Firstly, to say thank you to the people who reviewed on site, because I'm lazy and haven't the time to email them.(Ooh, shiny new lj updating format! ... sorry)&lt;lj cut text="Spoilers, and a point"&gt;So I've come to the sad conclusion that this story wasn't the best thing I ever wrote. Even at the time I knew this, but I suppose I was sort of hoping for some generic adulation anyway. A lot of people seem to get this even when they write utter shite, but I suppose it's just symptomatic of my life and the way I judge myself that when I wrote something below-par everyone else realises it too. I know there are some redeeming features in this, but all in all I guess ... I wasn't that inspired with it. There is nothing, really, that I want to say about H/D any longer. I remember at the time struggling to get the story going and not just let it expire in a puff of apathy, and of course furiosity spotted that. Damn, that girl is good.That wasn't the point, though. The point is the end. Yes, Harry dies, as he most likely will die in canon if you ask most people. I mean, most people outside fandom, because in fandom he'll be recussitated and reincarnated and risen from the dead till kingdom come if he does bite the bullet. Yet ... I understand that the story itself isn't completely excellent, but why the focus on the end? Is it because I didn't warn for it? That didn't even cross my mind, you know? For me, that was the logical conclusion for this particular story. It'd be like warning for Cinderella losing her slipper or something. It's not like the OMG CHARACTER DEATH!! was the reason I wrote the story. It's bugging me that people are entirely forgetting about the rest of the story because of the end. Fair enough, the rest of the story is laboured and kind of plotless, but I have no problem with people saying that. (Sure, I'll cry and rage to my mother on the phone because everybody hates me ... but no problem.) I dunno. It's like having put hours of effort into a cake only to have people complain about it because it's got the wrong coloured sprinkles.