What the hell depressed again?
Hey,

      Its me again, but I am depressed. Arent I always? This time its this love thing. I liked this one guy a lot and he I think liked me back and I just read his bulletine and turns out he just got a new girlfriend. Now how do I face him in like school and shit? I gave up on him and I like my sisters friend. I like him a lot and I would so love to hang out with him, but I dont know how that would work out. I also found out that my friend almost got raped. Holy shit right? Know, I'm kinda freaked out knowing that those jerks are anywhere. I think I should start holding a pocket knife on me lol. Tomorrow is friday and those nights are normally really fun and might  get me all happy again. Who knows? I feel bad because I was in a sad/bad mood and my friend was trying to help me and I was being a jerk. I love her and if Becky is reading this now. I am so sorry.  I hate being young sometimes. So much stress, and because of  this stress I now get migranes. Yay right? I went to the doctors and he told me whenever I get migranes I have to take like 2 of these pill thingys and whenever I get a bad headache I have to take 1 pill thingy. School is evil, The people in my class(besides Kerri) suck. They suck to an extreame. Those little jerks and assholes. I really dont like them, but Kerri is awesome. I love her too. I have found out why i dont like surten people now. Before I had no reason(I couldnt think of one), and Now I have one. I dont like these  few people because they think they have to lie about there lifes and get them selfs to be as stupid and not caring about school as me for me to become there friend. I dont get that. You dont have to lie people. Yeah I am what people call the little freak but I am friends with all kinds of people. I am friends with some popular people, some abocrumbie wearing cloths people, some popular spainsh people, the goths, and the geeks. They should learn that they dont have to lie, because if they do lie I would just hate them(like I do now).  There is at least 3 people who do that. I think they know who they are. There is nothing more I need to say, you can go on with the rest of your life now.

Xox,
Nichole