Turtle Blues
So, I'm messed up and so on, no big surprise to anyone, and so I talked to the counseling center on campus about seeing a counselor around here. Of course my parent's health insurance extends only to Kankakee and I'm not willing to take the bus for an hour to get some place that might. They told me if I bought student health insurance that might cover the cost, but I found out today if you have any other health insurance - even if it doesn't cover this area - the student health insurance will only cover half the bill (usually about $100 a session). My other option is to find a counselor with a sliding scale fee - meaning you work out how much you can afford to pay and go with that, so I had to sit down today and figure out my finances.  I have $1,000 to last me until I move back in with Jeff mid-May. If I spend $50 a week on food (I'm going to have to use $10 a day during the week and not eat on weekends) then between the cost of guitar lessons, medications, and the bus fare home every other weekend, I am already $100 over my limit. I guess that means I'll have to put off dealing with my issues for another 2-3 years. I'm getting sick of cutting myself, and I was hoping a little psychotherapy could help me out of that jam. I guess not.

By the way, the only reason I'm writing this in here is because I need to vent to someone or something. Not because I want your pity or money (actually, I'll take money. please.) I'm so lonely here and isolated from everyone. This whole social anxiety thing is such a drag. I feel like I'm moving around school with duct tape over my mouth - I see all these people and I want to say hi and make friends so I have someone to hang out with or atleast a reason other than class to leave my room, but I can't say a word. Like being behind one way glass, screaming and shouting, I can see all the people but they can't see me. I don't understand why when I have sever MDE's (major depressive episodes) I still get suicidal. I've felt more than my fair share of suicidalness, but I fall in this deep pit and I either have to take sleeping pills and pass out or cut so that I dont down a whole bottle of aspirin. I've spent 4 years feeling as much or more depressed than I get now, so I'm not really worried I would actually do it - I never did it before - I'm too uncertain and scared of what happens next.

I have to hope that things will get better. Alteast I have <3 Jeff <3, and thats all I need.