
So my mind is running all over the place today.It started with this.Dear Jake's Motivation For School,Where in the hell did you go?!Love,Jake.I have no desire to go to any class except the ones I find perticularly interesting. I don't do my homework, I haven't been to math class in a week. I go out with friends almost every night and get drunk or high. I can't even keep my room clean. I don't read from my textbooks like I know I can, and the only test I have gotten a straight up A on this semester is in Piano. Big deal.I am on the verge of being bored with my life, which sounds stupid because i talk to people everyday whose lives are 10 times more boring than mine, but I wonder if they are happier.I really wish I could be completely sober for 2 weeks straight. But I know it wont happen. I go to parties every weekend, and all of the people I spend most of my time with smoke and drink.I dont think I can do it. But I want to so bad.I dont like the direction my habbits are going inI feel a lack of beauty, in my world and in myself. I feel like I haven't seen a beautiful anything for more than a month. I hate winter. I have gained a lot of weight, I seem fat to myself once again, and probably look it to others, even if they lie and say I don't. I want to go somewhere beautiful, I want to feel attractive again.To top everything off, I cant even decide on a major anymore.I was so sure it was psychology, applied behavioral analyst. Working with children who have autism or down syndrome. I think it would be fulfilling. But now I dont even think I want to do that. I had a dream, and now I cant stop thinking about politics, and human rights, and how that means maybe I should be a human rights lawyer.I hate not having a plan, I hate feeling like I have no direction.Overall the things bothering me most are1. I want to be able to go for at least 2 weeks without an substances2. I want my motivation for school back, it's what I rely on and it's gone.3. I want to see something/somewhere beautiful. Spring break is in two weeks and all Im going to do the whole time is smoke pot and drink. How awesome.I am now an unmotivated, ugly, junkie loser.Great. 