Valentine's Day
I hate Valentine's Day. Since I didn't have time to update yesterday, I'll talk about it today.

Yesterday morning, Robin got a stuffed animal in her locker, with no note. Then, after advisory, Dani (who I totally hate) was walking down the hall with--get this--a huge vase of roses. DANI BALDWIN. I don't know who would even be friends with her, let alone give her roses, she's a total bitch and annoying as hell. Maybe that's why she loves Desi so much. (BURN! I am the Insult Master!) It also didn't help that every five seconds I had to dodge around a couple that was nearly making out in the hall, or that half the school was wearing pink, or that if a girl got a present, she had to parade down the hall with it, stopping every ten seconds to show it off to each of her eight hundred friends.

And then there's me, wearing all black, having gotten not even a card from anyone not related to me, except for a box of candy from Felicity. Normally I would emphasize that Julie didn't get me anything, but lately she's been a bitch and doesn't want to hang out with me, but instead hang out with Ali (who has gone totally prep) and play volleyball at lunch. She always tried to say she was goth, but the more goth I get, the less she wants to talk to me, and now I guess I'm just too goth for Little Miss Normal. So fuck her. Plus, at lunch yesterday some guy came up to me--probably one of Dylan's friends--and was like 'Kat, will you be my valentine?' And then I looked up from my book (Interview with the Vampire) he jumped back and went, 'Oh, crap, you're a guy,' and he ran off to his friends laughing. Even though I always tell myself not to care, that fucking hurts. Assholes.
 
And even though I feel stupid, I still just wish I could've gotten something from someone. Even Dylan. I swear to God, I wouldn't even object if Dylan tried to give me some stupid pink stuffed animal, because at least then I would know that there's SOMEONE who cares about me enough to bother with getting me anything.

I feel kinda stupid for saying all this, as most of the people who have this link are guys. Like they give a shit about my stupid problems.