Lonely on valentines day, plus im an idiot and i hate myself
Okay so obviously its valentines day and i dont have a girlfriend and dont really have anyone i have a chance to get in a relationship with, you know? im really fucking lonely and from looks of the things im gonna stay that way. So my day went shitty for another reason besides that, i got in a fight with my mom, shes mad at me or concerned for me or something because she seems to be under the impression that im doing drugs, and due to the fact that shes never done drugs or even gotten drunk before, she things drugs are pure evil and such. I tried to write a letter to her apoligizing, but at the moment shes refusing to even read it, she decided to punish me by taking the keyboard, she gave it back for tonite but she might take it for the rest of the week, shes also mad because she seems to think that myspace, livejournal and sites like these are pure evil or something crazy like that. So things between me and my mom have been strained ever since i lost 110 pounds, stopped hating myself and started living my life, i have tried to make things between my mom and me better by being polite, doing chores and that kind of thing. But shes still mad, shes mad that im doing something she doesnt like, and she refuses to accept the fact that i have a life of my own and have my own priorities, opinions, etc. She also refuse to stop budding in to my business, the way i see it, what i do behind closed doors is my business and my business only, she disagrees, and will never stop meddeling, and she insists on causing trouble for me by talking shit behind my back to my bro, step-dad, arrmy recruiter, doc and other folks like that, she doesnt seem to understand that, doing naughty shit isnt a problem if your discreet about it, the ony way doing bad or illegal shit can cause trouble is if you gety caught or authority figures hear about it, were also getting in fights because she has an endless ammount of misconceptions about the army, and she wont beleive me when i tell her i know whats up and that i know more about the whole army thing than she does. So that sucks and i hope all that gets fixed, and i hope she at least leaves the computer out of it, cuz talking on AIM, livejournal and e-mail or like the only thing that are keeping me sane at the moment. So yeah, arguments with my mom, thats shitty. But anyways, back to the lonliness thing, theres a girl that i really liked, she decided that she doesnt like me, she just want to be friends, so fuck, that hurts, im trying to get over it and i guess im making progress with that, the thing is, im shy and i really dont have any friends, so when they say theres plenty more fish in the sea, it honestly doesnt seem that way, i probably wouldnt feel so daml lousy about being single and lonely, if it appeared like there was any other girls who were interested in me, but it doesnt seem like there are, so i got like no hope, fuck! So at the moment, my game plan with that, is just to do my damndest to be as chatty, friendly and outwardly social as possible and hopefully ill run into another girl that has any potential interest in me, so ill try being more chatty, and plus, im doing shit loads of exercise, trying to get as sexy as i can, cuz obviously that can only help, so with that goal in mind i also picked up some new threads, i got some pretty sweet clothes, i got like one of those studded white belts that like all emo kids seem to wear( it was in the chicks section, lol) i also got some new shirts, a dark side of the moon t-shirt and some polos. But, guess what else i got? thats right, i finally bought chick jeans, a bunch of pairs of those(they were on sale) so from now on im only gonna wear chick pants, i think(hope) they look pretty good on me, there tight as fuck, but im liking that, and there wicked coftorable. So it turns out im a size 4 in girl jeans. Thats pretty goos, right? So i didnt think to get anybody a valentine obviously cuz i didnt you know have someone to be my valentine, so that girl i liked that doesnt like me back, dropped off a vanentine for me, a handwritten card, say happy valentines, love always, from...., that and it came with a rose. So goddamn, she really seems to be playing with my heart-strings, but i think the valentine is just meant to be friendly and platonic, im not gonna think too much into it or get any dellusions of hope with her because i know ill just end up getting hurt again, but anyways so she got me a valentine so obviously i felt like i needed to get her one too. Also i talked to her earlier and she reffered to the time when it looked like we might be a couple( we held helds a couple times and stuff like that) she reffered to it as our "earlier mistake". Ouch, goddamn that really stings, but anyways im trying to get her off my mind, and i dont want to meddle with that and risk fucking up our friendship. But anyways, so i felt like i should get her a valentine too, i got a rose, candy and a card saying something to the effect of" sorry this valentine is late, i didnt think you would want a val from me cuz, you know, youve made it very clear that you dont have any feelings for me, i just want you to know that i accept that you dont have feelings for me, and ill respect that, sorry if ive been beings annoying or beings a shitty friend, anyways ahppy valentines" the card i wrote for her was something like that accept worded more politely and such. So i reckon this card will tell her that obviously i still wish we could be more than friends but its also phrased so its platonic, and friendly and such. So i hope this valentine for her goes well and everything, ill leave it in her locker tommorow. So thats my day, i guess, hopefully tommorow will be a bit better, im positive that my school day will be good at least, because for reasons i wont get into i know were a fact that ill be chatty, up-beat and energetic during the day tommorow until at least like 2:00pm. So i got that going for me, hopefully my added socialness will help me to find somebody to hang with after school sometime with, so i have something other to do than wallow in my own pity at the computer screen like i usually do. Ok, if somebody other than me is reading this, please, comment on it, cuz i could use some advice or some cheering up, and it would be nice to know that somebody out there gives a shit about me in the slightest.