your weight on my back
 attn: geniuses. how in the fuck do I halftone a photo on photoshop so it actually looks decent? i've been wrestling with it all morning and am none the wiser. they all just look too dark and will photocopy shit. ugh. 

this is all for CLICK #3 which i need more contributions for. except at this rate it'll never get done. that and fucking photoshop keeps crashing whenenever i try to use the scanner. it'll be quarter sized though, which is nice. 

today, much as a metaphor for my life, has just gone from bad to worse. after listening to Sam on the radio last night i read for an hour or so, in particular a zine i picked up at the weekend written by a girl in florida. one section is written as an unsent letter to her mother 14 years after she was raped as a 9 year old. and i cried. and i have no problem admitting that just because i'm a fucking boy. 

so then i woke up late, found out i couldnt send off my drivers form for some whack reason then went into town. tried opening a bank account and they said because i have no regular income at the moment i should open a childs one and then just switch when im 18. which seems stupid seeing as i'm 18 in like 5 months? that and i have to wait a couple weeks before this ones even opened for me. being in town also re-inforced how jaded i've become. i just seem to hate everyone and everything. i can't fucking stand people trying to sell me shit in the street, all the adverts i pass trying to sell me useless tosh and even worse my favourite local paper the cambridge evening news were about using another of their profit driven 'who's the cutest kid?' photoshoots. i just really despair sometimes, when everything around me is so rubbish and stands for everything i'm against it feels like any resistance is pointless. i have to admit i'm not as involved with local indymedia or the CAN than i should be, but i still never see anything done. it seems like discussion after discussion after discussion. and its too late anyway. 

this doesnt really make sense. i'm having a cock day.