No Subject....
Well Melissa and I broke up tonight. We've decided to be friends. She deserves someone alot better than me anyways. She's way too good for me. I love her with all my heart, but the things that people can say to ruin a relationship came between us. I could never be good enough for Melissa, she deserves someone that will give her as much time as she wants. I can't do that, I work every day and only get 2 days off a week and she has college and has to be home by 4. So we don't get to see one another that much. She needs to get back on track in life and focus on her schoolwork. I don't want her focused on trying to figure out how she's going to see me or talk to me. I'm not good enough for her, or any girl for that matter. There is nothing that can compare to her, she so wonderful in so many ways. I don't know what I will do without her. I'm so use to hearing her voice every single day it hurts to even know that may stop. I can't really put my true feelings into words, because we all know that the heart has its own way of explaining things that we can't put into words. There is so much that a heart can go through and it can only take so much until it breaks. It may be a series of events or may be just one single event that could break it. I've learned over these past few months, that you can't just up and give your heart away in a single moment, due to the simple fact that it may get crushed in just a few seconds. I now know why people have always told me to take it slow and not rush into things. Like I said it may take a long time to give your heart to someone or may take just a matter of moments, but it only takes a few seconds to get it crushed into a million pieces. Love is a very complicated process that takes much time to fall into or even fall out of. What makes you love someone seriously? Is it their personality? Their intelligence? Their smile? Their well-being? Their self-esteem? Or just their good looks? Noone will ever know but you. Am I correct? or not? So take my word of advice, make sure that you are completley 100% sure that you are in love before you say it so someone. I was totally in love with Melissa, and I could say it over and over that I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her. I can say that because I am 100% sure that I'm in love with her. She deserved so much better than me anyways...I can't believe she even fell for some ole boy like me. I'm not worth the trouble and frustration and aggrevation. It was for the best though for us just to be friends, I don't want her to waste her time on me, when she could be focusing on school and taking her life somewhere. But I'm going to jump off here and go to bed. Just a few words of wisdom I thought I would share with all of you.