
This so called love doesn't exsist. You may feel it, but it doesn't mean shit. Were all just a toy, someone to use. Don't fall in love, they use it to hurt you. The seconde u feel like your falling for someone, just run, run far away and never come back. Or you'll end up like me, you'll fall in love, feel like he's the one, do anything you can for him, worry about him, take back your things to get money for him, believe his lies, while he goes and has fun never thinks of you, doesn't care, and probably goes to be with other people. You'll never get what you deserve, but you'll think it's ok, as long as ur "seeing" him. You just don't care cuz u love him, so you deal with it, make the best out of the good times and forget the bad, and wait for the next good thing to happen. But than the day comes when he says he wants a break, you cry, your heart breaks in a million pieces and you feel like your dying. You give him his space don't call him in hopes that he will see you for who you really are, and maybe just maybe he will realize what he could have. But 6 days go bye you ask him if it's over and you get "I think it's best if we just be friends". In that one little sentence, your whole world caves in. and you just wasted 7 months of your life many cried tears and everything you knew. You feel like nothing is worth living anymore, love just seems like a trick or trap that in the end does nothing for you, but bring you pain. You just thought you found your true love, and they throw u away like your nothing. you love your friends, but your love can never go back to that, cuz the seconde you see them with someone else, you wonder what's so wrong with you that they didn't want to be with you, what didn't you give him that was needed, how have you failed now? I must be the uglyest girl ever. Depression hits, you feel worthless, ugly, unable to be loved. You don't wish bad on them, you just wonder how it could be happening to you, and why it did and how do you change yourself. You can't have the friends you had anymore in fear that you will see him, and you'll feel the pain of not having him. The only thing you ever wished for on stars, on every 11:11, every blown eye lash, and every blown candle, every time you wished you wish for him just to give you the chance, and you weren't even given that chance. you were thrown away like garbage. Yep you've just been reduced to his garbage. Sudenly you realize that you never ever want to fall in love again. Your heart just got broken into a million pieces, but you cry at the fact that you still love him with all the little pieces. You can't just get rid of love like he got rid of you. You think, now I remember why I put my wall up after my last ex, but for some reason, you let this guy in, and he hurts you worse than anything has ever hurt you before. He has just ruined your life.... So in conclusion, I will never let anyone else in, EVER!  Than you for showing me that you can never believe in love, and you can never trust anyone!