ugh.another day.another waste of time. 
so like right now I'm supposed to be working on my Excel lab for APM 255. I'm afraid I might need to call it quits with James right now because I'm not happy. Like that elation on tuesday was just because I got to be with a girl for a little while but overall I don't see any point to this mess I'm in. I'm not happy with me and therefore I cant be happy with any one else until I feel better about myself but I don't and I dont know what to do about that. I feel bored with everything and sometimes I wish that ya know I just didnt exist. I have ups and downs all day but the constant self loathing thing is always here. I miss me. I don't know like for sure where the part of me that I liked went or whether it actually existed or not. Maybe it was just a delusion of my mental state at one point or another. I don't want this but I guess I'm comfortable being like because I'm not fighting it, I'm not trying to do anything about it. I hate me and I'm not entirely sure of what i'm supposed to do about that. But me and James have to talk and I dont want to do anything to make him not want to be with me but I dont think that its helping him if i'm like this. Nobody needs to deal with this. I'm a mess. I just want things to be different to like feel something other than emptiness and general apathy towards everyone and everything. Kinda wish I had insurance. Maybe then they could stick me on some pill or something I dont know I dont really care. Lost interest. Damn it. Maybe relationship thing was crash totally. I just want to be by myself and alone but at the same time I still grasp at thoughts of something different something other than what I have but I don't have at the same time. I can't remember the last time I was truly happy. But I know the last time I actually felt something I think was when it was John and I. I'm tired. All of the time. I don't want to be here but yet something says I do. Arrgh I hate it. Tired of fucking fighting myself.