ok now i feel like crap 
ok my life is jst fine i will admit there is a little drama but i dont reallycare anymore it just doesnt matter. but on totaly different subject to i went to school my friend is out of th hospital and she is doing very well and every thing is fine. ok well now for the fun stuff i would love to just beable to drive over to michaels house every day and if i only spent 30 minutes with him it would be ok but i couldnt tonight and i felt horrible. i thought that he was completely pissed at me and i asked him and i honestly do think he is and i dont knw what to do. at first i am to touchy and now i feel like i am never there so now i hate myself and i cant seem to make him happy i dont know what to do and the best news in the world our 10 month is this friday and i have volleyball tryouts and i wont be there. and i feel like he is upset with me cuase i wont be there agian. i feel like he is very upset with me cause i cant always be there i wish i could be with him every second of every minute if the day but i cant and that hurts me more than he will ever know.i dont know what to do i feel like i always disapiont vhim i just think i will never be the kind of girl that he wants and i hate that. i dont know how to make him happy and if i everdid make him happy and if i ever made him happy how would i keep him happy. i feel like a failure as a girlfriend and as an athlete so right now i am depressed miserable. just unhappy i general the onlt thing that can make me happy is michael i wont eve beable to see him for our 10 month so i dont think i will be happy anytime soon. and the worse part when i sad i miss you he siad i miss you to in a mean way now i am just heartbroken. i wish he would act lke he loved me agian even if he is mad at me it hurts so bad i dont like the feeling of him not being happy with me or even loving me foe that matter cause when he said i miss you to it was in a sarcastic way and that made me feel like someone had just drove a nail through my heart and stamped on it  like it wasnt brakeable i hate my life i can never do anything right