
to say that i feel just as bad as i did towards the end of this month last year, perhaps even worse at some points is somewhat pathetic and quite depressing. shit hits the fan and quite frankly, i cannot seem to find a way to deal with it except to let it all build up until i can't hold anymore in. my friends are fake and seem to have a hobby of gossiping about me along with others when i am not around. i can say that my "best friend" from home is no longer existent because she likes to forget about me until i am the only one that she can run to. school is kicking some major ass lately. my mom is upset and makes me upset because i feel as if i'm the responsible one. my grandmother is depressed because she doesn't want to die knowing that i'm a failure when in reality i am far from it. i'm unemployed and while this time of leisure seems like a splendid idea to most, it gives me time to over analyze everything a billion times over. i should really be taking my crazy pills like it's my job, but ever since the whole pill incident last april i've tried to stay clear of any medication whatsoever. i just don't know what to do with my life anymore which may sound so melancholical, but it's true. i'm not about to go end everything - i just want everything to be better that it will ever be. i know, it's asking too much. my boyfriend seems to get frustrated because he doesn't know what to do. poor guy - he has to deal with a clinically depressed and bi-polar girlfriend. my mom still doesn't understand that life iss harder for me than for everyone else. a little blow to the ego and i'm crawled up in my bed crying like i was just abused. it's fucked up. it's not supposed to be this way. i'm not suspposed to be like this. i remember this time last year and dealing with the whole synthetic cocaine issue and come to think of it, i was happy, although for a short period of time, i was happy. i know that i am already starting to sink slowly back too how i was feeling last year and i just hope that i can be able to control myself unlike last year. besides, sleeping pills versus vicodin is nothiing easy and i don't want to slip into a situation like that. i wish i had someone who completely understood me.