I wish the nights were cold again. 
The weather outside matches my mood today. A bit overcast with rain misting down and a shadow of wind. Everything is moving outside, restless and damp. This is not to say that I'm in a bad mood, just introspective and reserved. So much is going on and I need a break but a break won't come until I deal with everything that's been stressing me out. If I want to get anything out of my April vacation I need to get this crap under control. 

I've been easily annoyed lately. I guess my reasons for being annoyed aren't irrational but they just aren't usually something that would bother me. Looking at it, I don' tknow why it would bother me at all. This really should be better for me anyway. 

I had a dream last night. I'm pretty sure that I was on a track team but everyone was running long distance. We were in this very large beat-up warehouse-like building and were told to run. The begining of our run took place outside. I was running behind everyone else and was struggling to keep up. I know that there was one person I knew I should be keeping up with, so I did. We started running up a very long, steep hill and the person I was pacing with decided to walk up the hill but I was not yet too tired to keep running so I continued on without them. I found that a lot of the track team just stopped running and was walking up the hill and I passed each of them one by one. Finally I was in the front of the group and that's when we started running inside the building. I know there were coaches there but I did not see them, I just knew what they wanted me to do so I started running laps inside the house. I ran up the stairs and around the second floor then jumped down through a hole in the floor onto a platform beneath and did a lap around the first level. I did this over and over, the stairs were so crowded with runners. It seems like the more I ran, the stronger, faster, and more energetic I became. I noticed that others were having difficulty keeping up and soon the crowd thinned out to only a few runners. Then it was over. 

I miss running. 

And other things too. 

*Sigh*