Lonely, Oh so lonely
It get's boring in the house when you're alone most of the time.  Sometimes, it gets downright depressing.  With Mike and Steph gone, John back at his dads and AMy working, it sucks.  Steve is outside doing yardwork which I suppose I could go help him with.  Just don't have any energy.  Feeling kinda blah.  Maybe it was the Communion Wafer!!!  LMAO!!!  Today is Palm Sunday, so had to go get our palms.  Of course Mass is longer than usual, but he did keep it down to under an hour!!  Sometimes I just don't know about Church.  ABout 11 years ago when my life was really down the shit tubes, I started taking the kids to CCD classes and talking to Father Mark while they were their.  He really made sense in so many things and I started going to Church every Sunday and my life did very much improve.  I'm not sure if I ever believed in handing your life over to God back then, but I did.  Low and behold, things slowly started getting better, I started getting smarter, and I met Steve.

When I moved in with him, I went to Church with him and met Father O.  He was a great Priest and I was very happy with him.  Father Mark had passed away, so Father O was a good fill in.  AFter about 5 years, he was moved to the Church I used to go to in Coal City.  Then it happened.  The pedophile scandal that still rocks the Catholic Church.  They never named Father Mark, but they did name Father O.  My faith was truly shaken.  He admitted it and said he was not going to cost the Diocese or taxpayers alot of money.  Don't know what his sentance was.  I did go back to church after that.  I figured they're all a bunch of hypocrits anyway.  Funny thing is, when I stopped going, everything went down the shit tubes again.  Don't know if it was bad timing or Divine Intervention, but just about everything in my life went wrong.  

I started going back sporadically and just lately have been going regularly.  Things aren't as great as they can be, so once again, I'm handing it over to The Big Guy.  Just hope it's not too late.