sigh
wish i was feeling happier today but im just not.
feel ugly today and sick of myself and the way i look. 
everything is reminding me of my ex today and i dont even think at this point [4 months or so since i've really spoken to him] that he should even cross my mind. but he does. im pretty sure he crosses my mind everyday or nearly so. today i've only been up 2 1/2 hours and im sick of it already.  was singing a song this morning that got me to thinking about him and how much he mustve disliked me. on the way to work a song came on the radio that i first heard when i thought things with us were great - and i thought really personified our RS. of course when i played it for him at that point he wasnt all that impressed. 
then an advertisement for the 93Q 'day in the country' free concert - which i wanna go to - but the headliner is cross canadian ragweed, which reminds me of him, then next up they say 'joe nichols' [who i love esp for 'broken heartsville' but they play a clip from 'tequila makes her clothes fall of' which reminds me of Tracy. Then I get to work and check my email and one of my email buddies wrote me to tell me he was getting off work early friday to play gold [ok lots of ppl play golf but still] and that he was gonna go to the Shell Open [which I wondered last week if Tracy would be going to that since he goes to The Colonial for stuff like that in Dallas], and this guy usually signs his name 'Troy' signed it 'TK' - which i was like 'TK that seems familiar.. hrm.. "the big tk"' then I realized Tracy used to call himself that [dur TK = his initials] and i was like 'ah just fuck it' and closed my email proggie.

i guess it didnt help that when i was tryin to have a few moments of peace before departing to work this morning Terry called me to ask /me/ to drop the Quicktime files to disc when we agreed last night i would export them and leave a disc and a log sheet and he would xfer them over. i said i could do it when i got there but, at 7:15 i was, of course, still at home. then the traffic. 
but ultimately just really down today.
maybe it will get better. 

Suzanne was telling me she has the new post-it photo paper - which is so super cool and a totally great invention! I need to buy a printer. Ma wants me to get home early to pick up the house for the exterminator - i guess its that time of the year.
o well whatever nevermind.

-val!