Not Good
So I'm feeling pretty depressed right now.  I went to the gym today and did 30 minutes on the elliptical, burned 330 calories.  And then, of course I freakin ate back all those calories and then some.  I'm such a fat pig.  Why can't I ever just eat a salad without going back for something else?  I want to be really skinny so I can get a boyfriend.  I feel so ugly right now.  The guys that I'm attracted to would never feel the same way because I'm such a fat, ugly bitch.  I want to be skinny ad be able to wear whatever I want.  I also want to be skinny so my boobs will shrink and I won't have to wear a bra all the time.  My boobs are really getting on my nerves.  And I want my thighs to be half the size they are right now.  I want to stop eating so I can lose weight.  I don't have enough self control to do that because I suck.  I never finish anything I start.  I want to be able to say that I wear size 3 jeans or to be able to buy a dress in a size small.  I don't want to be fat anymore.  I want to lose 20 pounds.  I really need to focus myself on my goal.  I don't know how to do it by myself.  It's not like I can talk to anyone about this.  My friends are totally fine with their bodies and my mom always buys shit like cookies and ice cream even after I tell her that I'm going on a diet.  It's like she does it on purpose.  Doesn't she understand that having junk like that in the house means that I'll probably end up eating it, especially when she starts eating it in front of me.  I should just stop eating so that I can say to her look what I did without your help.  I just want to be able to say that I did it on my own and that I actually finished something I started.  I think that maybe I sabotage my own weight loss because I might end up gaining it back.  I really need to change my habits so I can lose the weight I want and look the way I want.  I want to be one of those girls that other girls envy and wish they could look like. I want to be noticed. I want to be beautiful.  I think I will fast next week.  I can't do it this weekend because it's my sister's birthday and my family will say something if I don't eat.