What's wrong with me???
Gah, I really wish that I knew what to do, what to say, it just really really sucks. Its funny, when u think that u have everything kinda figured outand its like the sky id really falling on me and truly hurting me and my heart. its a shame that sometimes things just somehow get to u and theres nothing that u can do about it. Especially when its not ur life and all u really want is that for the other person to b happy and hoping that if they were in ur shoes that they would do the same. I don't know mayb I'm just fuckin crazy for making myself vulnerable, something that I just really tend to try and not do only cuz I hate being sad/or hurt in anyway. Its just sad cuz I've been trying to hold my feelings in about this person leaving me to go to the Navy...which in the last 3 days bcame more than just his saying he was gonna go to now he really is, u know which is fine cuz thats what he wants to do, it just sad on my part cuz he's leaving me and actually told me that he didnt believe me when I told him that I was sad that he was going( he actually told me that he didnt believe me even when I told him that I was serious). That just really hurt me tonight on top of coming to the realization that hes really gonna go to the Navy. I dont know mayb I'm just dumb and need to get over shit damn it, its a shame that I let little stuff get to me. I guess I just expect to be trusted especially when I am being serious and have really done nuthin wrong, I'm not saying dont go do what u want to do, I'm just sad that he's going. I don't know is this my punishment for somthing that I have done.... I just wish that I knew. Its kinda funny to have talked/dated/whatever for the last like four years and what not adn to finally seriously date and for me to admit that I love him and then its like what the fuck things just go crazy on my behalf. Mayb its cuz I'm afraid that I'm gonna loose him now that I am totally for what is going on. I dont know I guess I shouldnt b too surprized random shit like this seems to happen every time we get together shit happend damn it, I dont know I just pray that we make it through whats going on now. Mayb its just me and I should get my own act together and get over it. And then I'm not even compelety sure whether he trusts what I say or even if I can entirely trust him. Shit......y an I so freakin confused.