I'm sick of this stupid holiday!
Isn't this time of year supposed to be one of the best times of year? Isn't it supposed to be joyous and filled with Christmas cheer and unexpected giving at times? Isn't it supposed to be that everyone's attitude changes to a happier more pleasant attitude? And despite all the traffic, hours standing at the mall waiting to check-out, all the parties, the unwanted family, and the hours spent cooking in the kitchen its still supposed to be one of the greatest times of the year because all of those things make up someone's Christmas. Yea well frankly I'm sick of it all. I've only been out shopping once and I've only been out of the house four times (including the shopping)and I've hated each time. I just want to go away. I hate Christmas! I am so damn sick of this holiday. Ridculous! I used to love this holiday. I always looked forward to going shopping for other people to find things for them for Christmas. I always enjoyed decorating the tree and getting out all the old decorations. I've hated every single bit of it this year. All I want to do is hide away in my room and sleep or something. Frankly I'd be quite content to go back to college and spend Christmas there in my room by myself. I feel so out of place anywhere I go anymore. I don't feel like I belong here at all. Pretty sad too cause this is the place I spent half of my life growing up or at least the last four years of high school and yet I feel as if I've never been here that I'm some newbie or something. Someone said to me the other day "home is where the heart is" and I was to much of a dumbass and bitch to really realize what they were saying at the moment. My heart belongs to the south. Always has since the day I was born in Kentucky. I hated moving to this Godforsaken state of Ohio and I've hated it since. That being one of the reasons that I never wanted to go to college in this state and one of the reasons I didn't want to come back after this school year was over. I hate it! I hate it! If I could turn my back to it and never comeback but once a year I would be perfectly content. My home is in the great state of Georgia. I'd much rather be there than be here. I'm sick of being here I just want to leave.  I'd call that place my home before I ever called this place home. Funny thing is I'd rather be by myself half of the time cause I feel so outta place anymore but everytime I go into my room to hide away I feel just as lonely. I guess I can't win. 


24 days til I'm home........