*sigh*
So i guess you could say I'm a swingin' single again.  I don't know just how "swinging" it'll be though.  4 years of being off and on with the same guy kinda makes you forget what its like to date other people.  Being so close to someone for so long actually kinda makes you lazy in a sense, cause you already know all about the other person, and you don't have to go through all that "getting to know you" polite BS that you do when you're meeting new people.  So what does that make me?  A dating socially-inept person who needs to relearn the rules of the game.  

I dunno...  I really don't feel like meeting anyone right now to tell you the truth, and i think it's better that way.  A friend of mine always jumps from guy to guy and never stays single for long, and i don't think thats the way i want to be, because it just seems to confuse her more and more about what she really is looking for.  I want companionship, not just whatever guy wants to get in my pants.  And frankly, i don't even think i want the companionship right away either.  I need time to get over the last one.  I need time to be happy with myself and who I am WITHOUT a boyfriend before i'll ever be ready for the next one.  How much time will that take?  I have no idea.  I hope not too long, cause i'm in a pretty lonely and miserable state right now.  Although it is getting better.  And i'm sure it'll get even better once i get home and have more distractions to keep my mind off of how lonely i feel.  It's just that in the meantime, everytime i look at my phone, and there's no messages where there used to be, and there's no IMs or e-mails on the computer where there used to be, and there's no smiling face to greet me after class like there used to be, it's really really hard.  

I'm trying to be strong.  I know i can be.  I just feel so weak sometimes... weak and unwanted.  I know thats not true, but when you get dumped, its hard to feel any other way but unwanted.  

I'll be alright though.  I know i will.  Things like this just take time.  I just hope that time will go by quickly so i can get on with my life and stop feeling so paralyzed.