what a wonderful day
Ken called me last night and we talked for hours.  I relized I'm still in love with him.  Our break up was all my fault. I alowed Jeff and Brad to talk me into getting back with Jeff. I want to Blame Jeff and Brad but I can't I was my fault I allowed them to talk me into ending things with Ken. I really loved Ken very much, I was just so freaking confused at the time.  I can't believe the way Ken's boyfriend treats him.  He told me last night that they do not decorate the same way, his boyfriend hates the movies he likes and hates the type of movies he like and will not watch any of the moves he lives with him and always makes him watch the movies he wants to see and will not let him put his things out on display because he hates the green glass that Ken collects.  To top it off his boyfriend is leaving him in Southhaven for christmas alone.  Ken does not have the money to go to his parents, but Micheal is leaving him there in Southhaven to go see his parents. That is so mean to leave the one you say you love to spend christmas by themselves.  I had a dream last night that I saw Ken and his boyfriend and they were sitting in some bleachers and me and some guy (who was hot) started kissing just to make Ken jelous, then Ken and his bf was gone and this guys (the one I was Kissing) bf came up and had on a pair of jeans that he was melted into and had a hard on like you would not believe. Then I woke up thinking about Ken and how much I still love him after all this time.  It is hard to think it has been 2 years since I dumped him well now that I think of it right at 3, the biggest mistake of my life.  I so wished I had a 2nd chance with Ken.  Now I'm going to be depressed all christmas thinking about this.  I thought I was in love with Ken because he remined me of Jim but I was really in love with Ken because of Ken.  I so fucked up, I have to say that is the only thing I regret in my life. I say you should never regret anything, but that is one thing I can't find the good in.  

Tuc is on the key board so I can't say much more.