be still.
It has been far too long since I wrote in here. In the last five minutes I have become so full of sorrow that I don't know what to do with it all. My heart is on a timer, and will explode when the time expires. It's not my own sorrow really, just the worry that I have become distant with people I was never really got that close too, and in line with this, people I wish I could be closer to. People that I never gave myself a proper chance to get to know, and people that never really gave me a good enough chance to get to know what they are made of, and what their inners consist of. I'm not positive why this all came to me now, or why in my mind and heart I believe it is so important. There has to be a logical reason for it and there has to be a meaning to it in whatever aspect I have yet to discover or truely understand. Some say your heart always knows what's best for you; how can you believe that when there is many broken hearted people. If you heart knows what's best for you, then you shouldn't be prone to such pain. I'm not saying that I am heart broken, because that is most definatly not the case, infact.. the opposite. There is just this feeling inside of me I can't describe, and the song I'm listening to isn't doing justice to this feeling. I fear most being forgotten, and I fear the sorrow in another persons heart. If the world was full of sad beings, I would then too be sad. In conclusion to this, I still have no idea why I feel so terrible. Well, I can't exactly say I feel terrible, because some thing's that I have going for me at this time in my life are things so wonderful I never thought it possible to happen; I just think that knowing people you have cared about even this tiniest but in the past are feeling despair or agony of some sort, is infact a heart wretching feeling. Even if the feelings you feel for them, are the same you feel for every other sorrow filled person, you just know that you have to do something about this, make them know you want to be there for them, even if it's only a rare time drinking tea, or looking at animals.. you just know that it has to happen soon, or the clock will indeed expire.