Xmas family party 
&lt;lj-cut text="Xmas family party...:("&gt;
&nbsp;Tonight was my family Xmas Reunion. First of all I didnt want to go cause every year its the same plus Ive discovered the main reason of my disliking and thats cause Im alone.&nbsp; This party its done every year since I can remember to reunite my grandmas big family cause she is the oldest of 9, so that you can imagine how big. They have music, open bar (a must), food lots and lots of it.&nbsp; So the music starts and its merengue and salsa,you know latin music to get you movin', now the norm is that if you are puertorrican you can dance and move like J.Lo, well Im here to tell you thats wrong, completely wrong. Cause this puertorrican cant dance, (plus J.Lo is a manufactured dancer) I dont have feet coordination, I have somewhat of a rhythm, I have to move when I hear a good music piece, but I cant dance. Now the tragic is that my family are great dancers, like you have to leave them the dance floor of&nbsp; how good they are but not me. So tonight was extremely painful cause I wanted to dance but Im not going to make a fool of myself, although at the end of the evening I did which made me want to crawl under a rock and die. 
The other thing is that you look around and your younger cousins look older than you!! now thats sad! I would look around and go damn! what the hell is all this... this girls are not even 18 and they look 22 (that's my age but i look 18). Then the self judgement began, critizicing myself&nbsp;cause Im a big girl compare to the toothpicks&nbsp;I have for cousins, and wishing why I dont have a&nbsp;compulsive eating disorder, although Im to chicken to do anything but&nbsp;those thoughts came to mind...&nbsp;The thing about this party is that even though if you dont want to youve got to go with someone, but at the same time you better not go unless your serious cause if not next yr if you go with another person the aunts will compare (yes they will) maybe not to your face but they will. So as I sat there and looked around only 2 of us didnt have partners but the other one lives on the other part of the island like 2 or 3 hrs away so I doubt that her bf wouldve come and all that. So that leaves me the lonely pathetic one&nbsp;that looked around to find people having a good time and me just thinking about when where we leaving and about homework. Then I couldve resort into using my cell, but Im not a teen anymore who cant stand grownups besides who I was going to call to talk, complain....no one, cause thats it Ive got no one.&nbsp; I even was as lonely as to think during one of the salsa pieces about my male best friend, and I was ok stop cause I was going well at least I would have someone to dance with and lol, but no no. But when I really really said ohh my god what have I come to, was when my cousin offered me a pity dance and i was looking forward to it, I made that realization in my mind and went ok now thats pathetic.
&nbsp;So in other words I found out that tonight Im a pathetic, lonely loser, who wants to dance but cant, and who's family looks with pity. And I know that&nbsp;when I&nbsp;take someone to the party the aunts will say, ohh good we thought you were a lesbian, or theyre going to ask him where the hell did we&nbsp;meet (or say some weird&nbsp;and embarassing place where they think we met) or tell the guy ohh so glad to meet you, we thought&nbsp;she would never find someone, and she was going to be an&nbsp;old spinster. (Swear to&nbsp;God, that&nbsp;I totally think they would say that) &nbsp;&nbsp;