Another sorrow filled time....
The never ending cycle of life and death continued today as my household grieves the loss of one if it's familar fuzzy faces.

It finally came down to the task of escorting my eldest cat, MissyBitch, to the vet for very tearful goodbye.  Some might find my grieve abit much for a cat, but I'm one of those that feel deeply that our animal family members are as important as our human ones.  

She was my "first child" after my husband and I were married almost 13 years ago.  We originally went to see a litter of kittens offered up by a friend, but when I saw the mamma kitty, I fell in love.  But we had chosen a kitten to take home when they were old enough.  Sadly, the kitten we had chosen passed away and the remaining were spoken for.  To my delight, I was offered the mother...my beloved MissyBitch. She had her unique quirks that endeared her to me, like her constantly twitching tail (you had to really 'know' her to tell her moods), The beautiful pattern of her tortise colored coat, and her attitude. And as her name suggests, she had nasty one at times. She was boss, second only to me and my husband, and she let 'everyone' know it. Especially the other animals in the house. Ever see an 85 pound Rottwieler mix dog run from an 8 pound cat?  Hell, she even tried to teach my daughter that she was in charge.

But as mean as she could appear on the outside, she was a very loving individiual. Her purrs could be heard loud and clear over choppy phone lines at more then three feet away from the reciever (the phone operator actually wanted me to send her pictures).  And despite her outwardly nasty attitude to 'lesser' animal on the heirarchy, when she thought no one was looking you'd find her curled up with them, grooming and caring for them.

Her recently hard and painful fight with cancer came to an end today, as she quietly passed away in my arms.  Sleep's going to be hard pressed for awhile, I'm going to miss that purr emimating through the pillows beside me every night.