God, I hate this week.
Since I stopped pretending it wasn't true so I could enjoy Christmas, I have been having a shitty week. I almost cried in my boss's office when I asked for Friday off so I could go to the funeral. Oh, yeah, the funeral is friday, by the way. I don't know how to feel about it. Do funerals help? Do they bring any sort of closure by forcing you to stop blocking all those thoughts you don't want to think - that you've been trying so hard not to think so as not to cry in front of people who aren't your husband - and thus making you cry in front of loads of people who aren't your husband? God, I sure hope it helps. I'll be fine, and then suddenly it's all I can do not to cry. Unless I'm at home, in which case I try not to hold it all in. I know that's not too healthy a thing to do. Thank God for Tim.
Another thing that I've been debating about the funeral - what do I do if it's open casket? I've given it a lot of thought. Normally, I would think I'd definitely want to see him (or the shell which once contained him) one last time. But it's more complicated than that. He was a fairly large man before he was sick, but when the cancer spread from his esophogus to his stomach, he went a long, long time not being able to eat and lost something like 130 pounds. I never saw him after he was sick. I am afraid that body in the casket won't look anything like the man I knew. I'm afraid he'll just look sick and that will make it harder. Or worse, I won't even recognize him and I'll have an even harder time believing that he's really gone. I'll just think, oh, that's not him. I'm at some other man's funeral. I don't know what I'm going to do. Maybe they'll just keep the casket closed and make the decision for me.
I miss him so much. I've been missing him for the past couple of years, and I was so looking forward to seeing him again and getting one of those great big bear hugs he was so good at giving out. And hearing him go on a rant on the latest thing that needs to be done better and agreeing with him and feeling inspired to work to make those changes that need to be made. And watching the way he interacts with everyone and how everyone flocked to him because they were always so happy to see him because he just gave out that vibe that made you know that yes - I am important to this person. He is happy to see me. Because no matter how busy he was doing whatever needed to be done, he would always, always take a moment to give each one of us who came up to say hi to him a hug and ask us how we were and actually listen to our response. And that's just a tiny part of the great man that he was. He approached everything with enthusiasm and a positive attitude of "this is how we can make this work best." He was an amazing father to his daughters and husband to his wife. My heart aches so much for them. I can't even imagine what unbearable pain they're going through right now.