it's 4:30 and i can't sleep
So I've been at ashley's for 3 days now, and this has been to be honest, the worst weekend of my life.  It's been hard enough meeting her parents and brothers and their gf's or wifes, but then on top of everything new years just bout made me retch.  It seemed like it was a good day, and everything was going great, we went out wakeboarding and I was getting along with her family really well, and then the night started and their party.  The party, well the entire time I might have well as been invisible.  It was like everyone this is justin and then immediately I was like the ugly kid in the corner.  Ash has basically treated me like shit this entire weekend and has really made me question wheter or not I can be with her.  Her Ex came back in the picture as well.  Saffron, her 2nd oldest brother's wife, had to take away her phone during the night bcause of how much he was calling.  I had a chance to answer it at one point and finally tell him how i feel about this whole fucking situation, but i didn't, that's ashley's job and not mine.  Though I don't know if she will actually tell him.  I feel like she wants him in her life the way that he has always been there, but in the process she won't let me get close, and this is really ripping me apart.  I don't know if she realizes it or not, but she is driving me away.  This whole situation has really tested my patience.  I've gotten to know josh, her second oldest brother, really well on this trip.  He pulled me aside on new years eve and said some things that really stuck with me.  He said that the whole family really likes me and hopes that im around for a while, he also told me some things about ashley that I hadn't really thought about.  He said that though he wishes the best for ashley, he wanted me to know that it may be impossible for her to feel for me the way I feel for her, and the rest of tha that night and this weekend i think really hammered that idea home.  He said that since she has lived such a troubled life that she may be incapable of loving.  I hadn't thought about that but it may be true.  If that's so then I don't know what Ill do.  I told her that I am beginning to fall in love with her, I've been falling for her for a while now, I don't know if she remembers me saying all that because she was so drunk.  Her family took their family photo for the year, and her dad goes " get justin in a shot on the end so we can put him in with photoshop.  I about fell over when they said that, mainly because I haven't even known them that long and they are already accepting me.  I just wish ashley would do the same.  This whole thing with the ex bf is driving me up a fucking wall.  I'm sure ashley was to drunk that night to remember but she told me that her mother, sister in law, brothers, all said to her to get her head out of her ass and realize what she has in front of her.  That meant so much to me, I just wish ashley would do it.  This is all ugly, and this is all very tiring, and I don't know how long my patience can hold.  I want to be with her so bad, and I want her to feel what I feel, but maybe this just won't happen, this is the first time I have been pessimistic about ashley and I working, and I don't like that feeling.  OH well I guess I'll try to sleep again, really I just want to throw up, crawl in a corner and feel sorry for myself.