Nu (Year) Metal
Another New Year's Eve come and gone.  The idyllic past of what was once my life in Winnipeg always comes into fruition during these few weeks every year, and creates within me a sense of longing.  This longing is complicated by many things.  First is the knowledge that this conception of "Winnipeg" is not how Winnipeg actually is for the rest of the year.  Yes, many of my friends still reside here, but many important friends do not.  Thus, when I see them all at Dustin's brunch, it is essential to bear in mind that this notion of nostalgic belonging is illusory (although Jill and Dave's baby Cole is ABOSLUTELY ADORABLE).  Second, as much fun as it is to have a month off, it does invoke a sense of uselessness and laziness within you.  As much as I miss my friends and family here terribly when I'm gone, I'm actually looking forward to getting back into my routine of research, studying, writing and teaching.  

However, while I am looking forward to returning to Ottawa, it is VERY lonely there sometimes.  I have wonderful friends in Ottawa, but there is something so comforting about being around my lifelong friends.  It is hard when you have a tough day and you have no one to hug.  It is equally tough when you have a good day but no one to share it with.  Damnit. I don't understand how normal people exist.  It seems as though my choice to pursue academia is an inevitable trade-off (which I am not saying I REGRET, just that I recognize it).  By choosing this selfish path for myself (yes, studying film for the sake of studying film is a selfish pursuit) I sometimes feel I am destined for loneliness. I only meet people related to my program.  I have no clue where I will be for the next five years, IF I am fortunate enough to be accepted into a school.  After that, I have NO CLUE where I will end up for my career.  How the fuck are you supposed build anything special with someone with a future that is so uncertain????????  On the flipside: stayed in commerce, got a good job in Winnipeg, met a nice girl (maybe?)....would this be less unfulfilling than my life now?  I highly doubt it, since I feel quite fulfilled INTELECTUALLY. I HATED commerce, but I'm not going to lie - being lonely is rough.

Damnit I am sleepy and Brad is a comical drunk indeed.