A Bad Day
It hasn't been a great day for me today. Nothing bad happened, I am just totally in a depressed mood. Just been for a really long walk which was originally just suppose to be a disguise to go have a couple of ciggies without my mother knowing. Instead, I sat down on a bench at the park near my house and thought my little brains out. I basically just sat there, feeling like total crap. I mean, I should be quite happy at the moment. In five weeks I will be in Perth and I finally have income to support my extravagant lifestyle. However, I still seem to feel depressed. New Year's Eve was what really started it all. Upon arrival, I was already tired as from no sleep and too much work but the nite made me feel worse in some way. I just felt really weird sitting around with a lot of people I didn't really like and it kind of made me feel like I just wasn't apart of that group. Some of the people that were there I do genuinely like as they are some of my best friends. But even still, I felt totally awkward and didn't really want to be there. But that's not everything. I still feel like shit about a lot of things that I thought I had got past. For example, Alicia called me last nite which is never chilled. Her and her Dad had just had a mega fight and she was balling her eyes out. I think she rang me because of the fact that we know the most about each other. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of people out there who know a shit load about me, but realistically, Alicia is pretty much the only one who knows everything about me and I know pretty much everything about her. So yeah, she got totally upset and then that made me upset. I mean, she was my girlfriend for over 5 years on/off so I can't just switch her off just like that. So I went to bed feeling like crap. Things with my Dad are still bad. He called today, and I honestly felt like letting everything out about how I feel and all the things I have wanted to say to him over the years. Instead, I covered it all up and pretended like everything was fine. I fucken hate it! I try so hard every day to make it seem like everything is alright, but I swear, some days I just feel like screamming! What makes it worse is that I can't talk to anybody about it because I have serious trust issues when it comes to people I meet. The only people I feel like I can totally trust are Sarah and Alicia. I want to be able to talk to others because I don't want to put everything on them, but I just can't trust anyone else. I guess that comes with bad experiences when I was younger. Fuck it! Oh Jesus, now I am almost crying. I hate this so much! Bad days totally shit me off. I thought the new year would bring changes but I still have so many insecurities. Maybe I am just tired. Why do I feel so bad? I am trying to type everything out but it is really hurting my head and that is going to make me feel worse. Fuck this, I need to go and lay down.