Depressed
I'm extremely depressed. Nothing excites me anymore. My days are spent watching my son run here and run there. My evenings are filled with playing games with my son. My nights are filled with Lifetime and staring at the computer screen. All feeling, all joy has been wiped from my life as I knew it. Once again I have allowed a man to send me into the depth of dispare. Granted he did not do this to me. I did this to me because I give people the control over my emotions. 
I do have to say I checked airline prices to leave Alaska. It is much cheaper than I once thought. I am sure now that I can afford to fly out once I'm ready.
I so badly want that exciting feeling I would get every morning. I knew that anytime 8-10am Tim would get online and his make me laugh at something stupid. Then I would have my afternoons to myself. My evenings were with friends. My nights were actually sleeping. Now it is just gone. Wiped away by some silent robber. 
I wonder if this is the year I'll actually learn to control my own emotions. Control my own life. I think if I can actually get myself together and leave Alaska I know I'll be on my way. When will I learn to let friends in and actually be completely honest. I can't even be honest with myself. 
How do you explain to people that if life stresses you out too much that you retreat back and allow someone else to take control? How do you let someone truly love you without trying to ruin it before they do? How do you learn to love yourself when your own birth family could not even do this. I mean if my own mother and father didn't love me why should I love myself? 
I feel like I could learn so much but I'm so scared. What if I find the real me and it isn't anything like what I am now? Could I really make and keep friends holding to my own beliefs and convictions? 
All this I wonder but why at 345am? I wish I could just be normal. I wish that when life became overwhelming I wouldn't find myself in the tub wanting to slash myself until I can breath one emotion again. Why am I cursed with this? Sometimes I wonder why doctors work so hard to save me? Born so premature in 77 and to survive is suppose to be a big deal. It sure feels like a burden rather than a miracle. Maybe one day I'll know why this was.