Realizations realized at the wrong time
I dont know why but I'm going through one of my depression spells it sucks. I just really start to think about life which isnt bad but if I am getting depressed from it then its not really healthy is it? Well whatever itll pass, they alwaqys do.
I want to see JC this week but hes so busy the whole time that we may not get to see each other and I dont know. Since Mom and Joe and Dom and Nikki are going away Sarah's stayign with me. I was originally supposed to stay at Jen and Jess's but this way their mother doesnt have to drive me home each day and yeah. But yeah so Sarahs here sao JC's allowed to come over but of course hes busy with working for the church the whole weekend that even if he wanted to hang out, he cant. I dont know why I get upset there are people who go days, weeks, months, even years without seieng their significant other, but can I, no because I am a selfish selfish preson. Well whatever right? I dont get to see him I dont get to see him, I'm alone for New Years anyway so why should I care?
Mom, Joe and Dom leave tomorrow so its just Nikki and I for a day, another day that I'm home watching Gregory when I shold be doing AP, Journalism and English homework. God I hate when teachers do that its your vacation you want to have fun, I cant wait to be a teacher.
Thank God for my Friday Night Dates with Sean ya know? Sarah's working, not late but still, so I'll be online talking to Sean like I always do. I feel bad because he always listens to me complain and cry and yeha and he comforts me and yeah. I hope that one day I can do the same to him.
Alright so since Gregory is here and watching a movie and stuff maybe I should stop writing and do some of my homework until 12 when&nbsp; I have to give him lunch.&nbsp; But there are lyrics to a Sweet Charity song in the cut...read if you like.
 
Where Am I Going? Lyrics
Charity:Where am I going?And what will I find?What's in this grab-bag that I call my mind?What am I doing alone on the shelf?Ain't it a shame,No one's to blame, but myself...Which way is clear?When you've lost your way year after year?Do I keep falling in loveFor just the kick of it?Staggering through the thin and thick of it,Hating each old and tired trick of it.Know what I am,I'm good and sick of it!Where am I going?Why do I care?Run to the Bronx, or Washington Square,No matter where I run I meet myself there,Looking inside me, what do I see?Anger and hope and doubt,What am I all about?And where am I going?You tell me!Looking inside me, what do I see?Anger and hope and doubtWhat am I all about?And where am I going?You tell me!