You don't know where your interest lies
Once upon a time i had a friend. Anyway today i found these perfect little lyrics thanks to my friends simon &amp; garfunkel, which i find relate to her (im the passive voice):"You're just a game I like to play, You may think that we're friends all right, But I won't let friendship get in my way, No, I won't let friendship get in my way"
2005 was an interesting year. It was a year of change yet a year of continuity. I live a boring life. Nothing much happens. The only drama i usually encounter is that of the friendship kind. Being the unique and antisocial individual that i am, i have not yet found solid ground on which to invest my trust. I have, however, have had several failed attempts where I have lost out gravely. And such is the story of my highschool life.
The worst part is I'm still weak and hence a sucker for these investment opportunities. I thought I was strong but the minute one of those bad investments rears it's face, I lapse and fall completely back into the propaganda trap and it kills me. I get so angry at myself afterwards when I realise, I've been fooled again. Like I've said in the past, I unfortunately, cannot control my heart. It is always ailing over those bad investments, and no matter how nicely I ask it, it just can't forget. It's as if that particular part of my memory is stored there, locked away forever, never to be forgotten or destroyed. A burden on my soul. This is teen angst at it's best.
For those more philosophical readers,&nbsp;I think I've discovered one purpose of life, which is too meet other lives. Yet that isn't really a purpose, or is it?&nbsp; I started from, happiness is the purpose of life, for without happiness, life is but nightmare. I then went on to&nbsp;discover that&nbsp;true happiness is found only from other human beings. People are what make other people happy or unhappy. Material possessions, in the end mean nothing, unless you have others to share them with. Without other human beings life would be a pointless waste. Hence i concluded, in very brief fashion, that the purpose of life is to find love and the one&nbsp;person or few people that make you truly happy, and to cherish them, with everything, because without them, life wouldn't be life at all. But whether that is a/the purpose of life, i am not sure. But it seems like an endless quest to me, because even after you find that person/people your forever having to work at not losing them. For if you do, it's game over start again.