ramblings of the sickling
Being sick sucks ass specially when you have to deal with it alone. been so sick yesterday and today I havnt been able to get out of bed or do anything basically. New years eve sucked because of it. Was awake at midnight but so out of it because of sudafed and tylonal that I didnt realize it was midnight or after midnight for that matter until about 1:15. Spent all day yesterday curled up under 3 blankets freezing my ass off watching Law and Order: Criminal Intent. Today have felt even worse havent moved even to change the way I am laying. Watched Monk all day long. GOtta love Monk. Today was rmembering the first episode of it I ever saw of it and started thinking a lot. 
Dad still on me about calling Roo but i dont want to right now because im sick but not only that I dont want to deal with annie gail or jackie or adam or katlyn whomever happens to answer the phone other then chandler. Dads making broken promises again as usual I call it a broken promise even though he aint broken it because I knwo he will its jsut a matter of time. I dont know why i listen to him anymore maybe because I want him to not break another promise yet again but it never fails he keeps breaking them one after another. Not only did he say he would get a cell phone for him and put me chandler and shannon on a family plan with him (so he can keep track of us 24/7 and know our every move undooubtable) but I made mention to him when I saw him last about a new computer and whatnot but he also told me he was going to try and buy it for me. Yea right where will he come up with the roughly $850 or so it is going to be after taxes. yea right, just wish he would stop making promises that he knows he cant keep. I mentioned wanting a new laptop once but I dont want him to go and buy it i never asked him to even pay any of it. Was looking at a specific one that I hope that I will eventually be able to buy soon as I get back to florida and get some kind of job. I dont want my dad to try and buy me back into his life and that is what he is trying to do. that is what he has been trying to do as long as i can remember. he thinks that if he gets me and shannon stuff that it will put him in our good graces and will not be mad at him. yet he forgets we are old enough to make our own decisions and live our own lives and trys to control our every move. I can understand him trying to change how shannon is but i'm fine the way i am for the most part. Ive made some mistakes the past few months but i can change and fix those myself I dont need daddy thinking that I am helpless and go crawling back to him evry time I need something. Hes the one who keeps asking me for money even though I dont have any. Just the other day he asked me for $400 knowing I dont even have a job. when I told him that I dont have it he asked me if I knew anyone I could borrow it from then he could borrow it from me. Yea right your funny daddy, why do you only message me when you want money or want me to help you with something? maybe I would be more open to you and talking to you if you stopped talking to me only when you wanted something or needed me to do something for you like help you with your website. Or make lots of promises that you always break. O well life goes on right nothing new about broken promises on my dads part my life has been filled with them. Never expect his words to become true and when they do I'm shocked to shit. 
Skan is all I have had to keep myself company the past almost a week. I will get things together soon enough though and everything will be all beetter and over time things will be back to normal, if there is such thing aas normal. 
Anyway my headach is starting to get worse so im gonna try and relax some hopefully being sick will go away soon and I will be all better by tuesday so when jason gets on if he is able to I can talk to him clear headed.