What happened?
Tara Ruble: after 19 years on this earth and about 10 relationships, the ONLY girl i have ever gotten this upset over. I feel like I don't want to go on living. It seems like there is no future for me. I miss you...Thinking about this just makes the shit so much harder. Here's a list of things that I'm going to miss:(in no particular order really)*Holding her hand*Kissing her lovely face*The most amazing hugs ever*Killing my phone bill*Spending every lasty dime just to see her*The way my heart felt like it was going to pop everytime I talked to her*The beautiful look on her face when we were kissing*The way she always held onto "her arm" (my right arm, she dominated it)*Playing Master-Blaster*Actually trying to look decent to impress her*Impressing her*Being a complete and total retard for her*Cuddling up and watching movies (and actually only watching 50% of them)*Knowing that the most beautiful girl in the world loves me and only me*The way she always like me to scratch her back*100+ text messages a day*Talking about grooss (purposeful misspelling) things and being grooss together*Making delicious treats and KOOL AID*Taco Bell will never be the same again *The way we laughed at other weird-ass people and ourselves publicly*Getting beat up by a girl*The passion we felt when we kissed*How she never smelled bad even though she never smelled like perfume or anything*Being completely weird together*Everything... everything about her. The cute little looks she gave me, the funny faces, the silly dances, being Gangstah together, Thug Love, making "things" sensitive (hah), crying every time we had to leave each other, late nights on the floor in front of the TV (both houses hahaha), playing with bryn, going to the beach at night, being bored just sitting around the house but not really being bored at all, our punk-rock love, our love, retaking a picture for a picture message over and over again so she thinks im cute, when she told me she loved me, when she told me how cute i was, when she got happy because i told her i loved her, when she got happy because i called her a cutie, fupa cheese, bitching about everything to her, her talking to me when she had a problem, corruption of the innocent and beautiful tara ruble, getting mad about cigs but not weed hahaha, crazy ass fog, love across 4 states, giving goofy kisses, giving unexpected kisses on the cheeks!, acting like a jerk but just joking around, pretending to get angry about stuff, getting mac-and-cheese-skeet thrown in my face, getting other things in my face (yeeeepp :) ), trying to act like a badass to impress my fav girl. But my number one thing that im going to miss about us is how I knew that anytime I felt bad or upset or saddd about anything, all i had to do was turn to her and she could make me laugh and tell me that she loves me. Goddamnit tara, this hurts sooo bad. I can't stop thinking about it. I'm so confused. For once in my life, I have absolutely no idea what to do... and theres no hope in sight.
Born to lose i've lived my life in vain, All my dreams have&nbsp;only caused me pain. All my life i've always been so blue, Born to lose and now i'm losing you. 
Born to lose it seems so hard to bear, How i always long to have you near. You were all the happiness i knew, Born to lose and now i'm losing you. 
Born to lose i can't believe your gone, It's so hard to face that empty dawn. All my life i've always been so blue, Born to lose and now i'm losing you. 
There's no use to dream of happiness, All i see is only loneliness. All my life i've always been so blue, Born to lose and now im losing you.