I feel like coloring myself to sleep
I am so bored. I am sitting at home all alone. wishing that my baby was here. I feel almost betrayed in a way. I don't ever get what I want anymore. I want to go hide. I want to be in the dark because maybe whats in the dark would take me away. I just want to cry and I can't. I feel almost like there aren't really very many tears left in my body to cry. I want to talk to my mom, even  though I know she would be so disappointed in my right now. I sort of quit my job/got fired. I hate not having a job. I need to be employed. I hate not having money. I always said I never wanted to be poor and now I totally am. I hate this, and there is nothing that I can do about it. I don't want to be here anymore. sometimes when I'm all alone I cry and just think to myself "I just want to go home" I really don't know what I mean when that comes out because I totally feel at home here. I am so depressed right now and I don't know why. the only thing that seems to make me happy isn't here right now though. I need therapy, mainly just to have someone to talk to though. I hate that I can't really talk to anyone because people go and tell other people everything that you say. that's why I liked aviva so much, that was my phyciatrist's name. she was the shit. she helped me alot. that was so long ago though. I wish that my mom had let me get medication then. I probably  could've used it. sometimes I feel like I need it now but that would be the hardest thing in the world to ask my mom for and I think it would break her heart to know that I am that upset with the world, I feel so trapt so lost sometimes. I don't really cope well with things any more. I am sober and it sucks right now. aleast if I was high I could clean or something. I want to do my hair and makeup but I don't want to get all pretty just to go to bed. I don't want to get all  pretty just to get teased about it later either. I feel like I'm rambling. in fact I know I am but this is what I need. I need to vent sometimes, I need someone to listen to me and no one really does.