Christmas 
It's been an odd sort of holiday, I'll say that much. I got lots of really nice presents (some really cool and others really thoughtful - there wasn't a single one that I didn't like) and I got to spend some time with my family, which I've missed. Me and mum had some good chats, me and Kevin had some good laughs, and me and Linda continue to frighten each other with our ability to finish each other's sentences :) Kieran gave me the coolest Christmas card (it's one that he bought and drew a mini-comic strip on). I'll have to add it to my collection.

Maria's mum died on Christmas Eve. I feel terrible for her but I know that there's nothing I can say that will help, so I can only be there for her when she needs me to be. I was going to go straight up to Dublin that day but Maria said she'd prefer me to spend it with my family and come up for the funeral, so that's what I did. I went up on Tuesday and the funeral was on Wednesday night and Thursday morning. It's so sad, she's had such a rough time of it. Her uncle (who lived in her house and who she's been nursing) died less than two months ago, her father's second anniversary was just two weeks ago and there's got a load of crap going on at the moment where they're having to move out of their house by the 18th of January. As if that wasn't bad enough, she and her sister have lost their mother as well, and at Christmas (plus their birthdays are next week). It's the sort of thing that, if you put it in a film, people would complain it was too melodramatic. The services were really nice and were really upbeat (as much as a funeral can be). I'm worried about Maria, though. She's trying to keep it together for her sister and everyone else and I'm afraid she'll bottle things up a bit too much. I don't want to push her either because she doesn't need that. I didn't want to leave her yesterday but she said that herself and her sister really need to get used to staying in the house on their own, which is true, and it'll be harder to do the longer they leave it. Still, I wanted to stay for selfish reasons too; I really love her and I miss her when she's not there.

I'm at home now and dosed with a cold and feeling a bit lonely but good other than that. Myself and Kieran are going to go to Letterkenny tomorrow and tomorrow night (New Year's Eve) we're staying in and watching some films because we're just not bothered to go out and meet people we usually try to avoid, so that's cheering me up a bit :)