
I want to die but dying won't solve anything. And so I sit here, in my sad pathetic house, staring at an almost white computer screen, thinking of something to say that possesses some kind of sentimental value, but nothing comes to mind, or maybe everything comes to mind but there is no language to express it, except the one tiny sentence: I want to die. 
I've been experiencing Garden State moments all weekend. I've come to realize that the one room in this house that I love to death and holds all of my valuable possessions, is the one room that will kill me. That one room is my home, the rest of the house is just a place where the rest of my unwanted shit happens to land. 
I've come to dread my very existence during the week. I can't sleep because I'm worrying about the next day and how I might screw up and dig this hole a little deeper. I'm already putting off a meeting with Ms. Ducey because I know what she's going to say and I just don't want to face her. Or I just don't want to face the truth. This childhood is over. 
It seems that irony has caught up with me. Here I am, trying to live out my last year as an adolescent before I make the transfer into the adult world that just doesn't seem as fun. Everyone says that being a grown up isn't half as fun as growing up, and I haven't taken that statement lightly. Have I lived out my childhood so that when I look back I can easily say that those were the best years of my life? Do I really wish to suffer major symptoms of nostalgia when I'm 46 and telling my seventeen year old daughter about those glorious years? 
I resent the weeks as much as I resent the weekends. Trying desparately to create moments with friends that I hope I'll never forget, but hope is misleading, isn't it? It makes me sick to think that in a few years, after college, after the real life begins, that my dreams that seemed so pure, so innocent as a child, will haunt me in my 10 by 10 cell that those in the office call a cubicle as the makeshift walls cave in around me. Yes, childhood was great, but the real life is even better. So now, that one simple sentence: I want to die, seems easier to say.