
Stop my breathing and slit my throat

Just watching Big Brother, I fully understand Jodie Marsh, I mean she has soooo many problems too! Just like me! I mean that man/woman made fun of Jodie using her friend dying as a way to get sympathy and make friends. What's wrong with that? It works doesn't it, I mean, half of my friends are MY friends because they think I was raped by this guy lol! I do a great act of it as well, faux fainting every now and again to pretend I'm not eating well. I can cry on queue now, it took time but I've been doing it for years now! I'm also a GREAT actor! I can cry, collapse, totally freak out and make everyone believe this shit about a guy! If they're stupid enough to believe it, what's wrong with it?
And Jodie's glasses are totally cool!

On to more important things...well me and my day anyway. I felt so shit today, as usual, because my life sucks sooo very much! I went to a concert at the Rising Sun Art's centre, and it was like, all these people having a GOOD time. HELLO?! Have you HEARD what they're singing...it's depressing and sad, you shouldn't be dancing! Be more like me, I don't jump around when I go to shows because it's like being happy because other people are upset, and that's not nice. Unless it's someone I don't like, because they fucking aggrivate me, man...they are all totally emo, I mean those girls that cut themselves for NO reason. I'm so glad I'm not like that. Those silly bitches, trying to play guitar...HA! I play guitar AND write suicide notes, it's great, I get them prepared incase I actually end up killing myself, it could happen, I get really suicidal and cut really deep sometimes. And I only get really suicidal because I'm dark and sensitive, with low self esteem. Not my fault

I'm gunna go now, I feel really depressed, might cut myself, might take my own life.
Depends how bad I get, I s'pose
Goodbye, if I don't write again you know why

Like the sun sets to night, the light at the end of the tunnel dims and fades to nothingness
Me, alone
Incased in pitch blackness for eternity.