St. Joseph is closer than i think
damnitshitfuckgaaaaaaaaaah... so newayz, im extremely depressed today for a few reasons and thought updating livejournal and lettn out my sorrowful feelings by typn em out would find me some relief...starters, i did bad on the hist test which i studied quite a bit for, i got a shitload of hw and chem final corrections are a bitch, i went to the dentist only to hear that i have to wear those fuckn rubberbands another 4 weeks and i seriously felt like strangling dr case, bashing his head against the wall, stab him a few times with some sort of sharp material, drag him outside and tie him to the car and then drag him through the streets goin 70mph a bit, then cut him off and run over him maybe... 10..20 times. in other words.. i was quite angerd. next off my phone died and for some random reason i felt like walking home from skool thinkin it wouldn't be that bad, unfortunetly it was quite terrible wit my heavy backpack and i collapsed when i got home. then to finish off i get a long lecture bout how im gonna get sent back to st joes if this grading period goes bad or i'll be sent back for senior yr and how im not gonna make it to ut bc i made a really bad grade (seriously really did make shitty grade) and am gonna have to go to community college first bc i destroyed my gpa when i got to consol bc i was too much of a lazy ass and took skool to lightly and put friends and fun first rather than skool work bc i suck at life and need a serious bash to the head to knock some sense bout responsibility. im sad and feel like cryin but gah it wont change the fact that all ive worried bout for college and grades just totally left me and now im basically screwd for the rest of my life. mayb i should go back to st joes... then atleast my parents wont feel so bad and wont have to worry bout me and my future, i should just 4get everything that happnd and go back to not learning nething at st joes but atleast i'll get good grades rite? atleast i can have a better chance of goin to ut since 4 outta 5 ppl dont get in. and no matter how much i complain about this now, i can already tell in the very near future i'll go back to my old habits and then my dad will cal st joes and pick up that pre registration paper bc hes willin to spend money for my grades, even if it is $5000 tuition. ill be with my old friends... and 4get my bad habits from consol and all the memories that caused me to be in this situation to begin with. the end