Trying to Figure out Life
So this has been driving me absolutely crazy, and the sad part is I cant talk to anyone about it.  Just about everyone Id talk to would judge me and even if they dont I know that the answer has to come from me.  We have all heard the saying that you know that it is ment to be when you let someone go and then they return to you.  But is it?  Or did they come back to let you know that it is ok to move on?  Are they back to fill in the missing part of your life?  See thats the thing, I dont know which one applys to the reason God put Steve back in my life.  

It has just about been 2 years since our messy break up, and the only reason it was messy was because my parents forced me too, I did not want to break up with him one bit.  But Steve took it the wrong way, and went out and got another girl pregnent and was forced to get married.  Now they are in the process of filing for divorce.  My life since then has comprised of finshing a crappy senior year of high school and going to college and applying for pharmacy school.  Ive had a few guys in my life, but they were only in it for the fun and when it came time to the relationship part they took off running.

Since our break up, we talked here and there, but we would always get into some fight and not talk to one another for a few months.  This time it is different, We have been talking since October and seen each other a couple of time.  When we talk and hang out its like old times.  When I look into his eyes I still know that he loves me, just like I love him.  Everyday, I just wish I could be in his arms again.

I have pictures of us of when we were together and if you just look at them we both look truely happy.  Even when we werent with each other, you could still tell that we both were truely happy.  Now you look at us, and we can fake a smile to fool everyone, but deep down we are crying inside.  And the sad part is, that we may never be that happy again, separate, apart, or with someone else.

So why is Steve back in my life?  Is this all a sign saying that we are ment to be with one another, even though it will be an uphill battle with dealing with my parents and his daughter and divorce?  Is he back so I can try and move on with my life because I know that he is doing OK and that he approves of me moving on?  Is he back so I can have that one honest true best friend that Ive lacked since we split?  I have no clue and I wish I did!  Im just so confused!  Every day and night I think about this, some times I break down and cry, some times I pray for an answer.  Other times I just want to break into a bottle and drown my problems.  I just wish I knew what to do or know where to turn to so I can figure this out.  So if anyone is reading this and has an answer or some words of wisdom please let me know!