Hey im back again
Hey people its me im back. A lot has happened. Tom and I split although we still love eachother. He moved back to Minneapolis and I moved away to Colorado for Veterinary school. Im living in an apartment with myself and my cat Lexus. Its alright i feel more freedom and there isnt any snow and its pretty warm. That part i like, but im having difficulty making friends. I have never had this hard of a time. I dont know why but i hate it. I just got a drunk dial from my so called friend joe, his girlfriend is throwing a party at her house and all my other friends are there...made me sad and miss home. Im sitting here all sad now because i hate not having friends right down the street from me. I have had so much shit happen to me in the past couple years i cant even explain. I usually just brush things off but it builds up in the back of my mind. I hate it. I have been here for 4 months and i have one fuckin friend, thats pretty sad. I know that i could meet some off the internet but i dont feel safe meeting up with people in a strange state. I never thought that starting a new life somewhere completely different would be so hard. Im trying to convince my friend to come live with me instead of going back to Ak but she doesnt want to. I dont know what to do. I feel stuck, i dont want to blow all my money I put toward school and let my family down but i hate the situation im in. I know this is whiney but since i basically dont have any friends i have nothing else to turn to. I know i could always call tom but he doesnt understand, hes in a completely different chapter of life. I have met people here but they were all guys and expecting me to have sex and i dont want to do that. So what else am i supposed to do? Nothing i really can do. I have a friend down here but hes like possesive and i dont like possessiveness, i want a friend but not to be hugely attatched to me. People at my school are so stuck up and snobby, im sure its good for my studies it keeps me on track but i person can get worn down being in the situation im in. Well maybe i will write tomorrow and it will be  a better day. night