The State of Literature Today
Hello, everyone. It's been a while, hasn't it? I have something new to think about tonight, so why not get on with it?

Today I finished Charles Dickens' A Tale of Two Cities. It's a wonderful novel, even though most people consider it to be long, and tedious. (If you wrote novels for a living and you were paid by the word, you'd write really tedious novels also.) It's got a terrific story,  amazing characters, love, war, death, blood, and three different court trials (<3 Lawyers, especially Sydney Carton, my favorite character.) I won't get into too many specifics. My point is, that sometimes great literature like this is ignored by the greater public, especially after high school, and I really think it shouldn't be. What's worse is that it can sometimes be replaced by *gasp* popular literature, which may or may not actually be good literature.

Case in point, I bring up everyone favorite depressed wizard-in-training, Harry Potter. My mother is currently reading one of the books, and trying to figure out who the "Half-Blood Prince" is, and she's really excited about it. That's fine, but for me that just doesn't really strike me. Blah blah blah, Snape kills Dumbledore OMGCRYEMO. (Heh... cryemo.) But when I was reading today, and I learned the whole backstory behind why Madame Defarge wants to kill all the Evremondes, (which is sort of confusing, but really fascinating) and how everything is so interconnected, it took my breath away. That's what a book should do to you. It's got to make your heart beat faster every once in a while, and it's got to make you really think, hard, about the way things are.

I completely understand people's need for cotton candy literature. Hell, I buy manga, and that's not even "literature", per se. But wouldn't the world be a better place if people didn't read whatever was on Oprah's book club for the month and expanded their horizons? There are tons of books that are recognized for being great; probably the most illiterate of people could name one or two. Readers should give obscure authors they've never heard of a try, because nobody ever really knows what's inside of a book unless they look. Don't trust popular literature. Remember, popular comes from the Latin "populus", for people; and as evidenced by America's brilliant government, most of the people are stupid.

Also, don't trust Oprah. She's an alien. Don't look at me like that, I am dead serious.