Roscoe
It seems like something I shouldn't care about, or that shouldn't affect me. I guess after Blackie died or the cat when I was like 4 was run over I was supposed to learn to expect animals to no longer be around. I guess I feel as though I should get over it, that it's a normal part of life. When Mom had an episode the other year she went next door and attacked my next door neighbor's husband. She apologized, before the sheriff came, but I think our next door neighbors didn't have a clue and have had something against her and our house since. Early last semester, maybe even midsemester, Mom told me that they'd called animal control on our house. Granted, we should've had Roscoe nuetered. We come from a poor family that doesn't have a clue really about how to treat and care for animals. Still, we're simple people who love our animals. We couldn't afford the operation. Well, animal control took my cat. I had Roscoe since 9th grade when he was found on our school bus. He was such a beautiful kitten who'd been abandoned and was sick. He had diarhea, which didn't excite Mama, but he was wonderful and although he was scared at first he was so loving and loyal and gentle. Back then I just called him Kitty. I couldn't come up with a good name and Grandpa named him while I was away. I can't remember what I was away for--wait, I think I was at Dad's for a couple of weeks at the beginning of the summer. I remember being so hurt when I got back. Anyway, Kitty suddenly answered to Roscoe. So Roscoe was his name. He would wait for me; he'd walk with me in the woods. So, when animal control came they took my cat. And I know, no matter if they say they'll find him a good home, it would also mean that if they don't he'll be euthanized and truthfully, wonderful as he is, I know inside that he's dead. Seems silly to cry over a cat, but I loved him and he really did love me. I know that he loved me. He never was upset with me or angry with me when I went off to school. He was a good animal. So, whenever I look at Baggy, my landlord's animal it makes me a little sad and I miss Roscoe and I feel guilty because I knew something bad would happen to them. So, yeah. I'm sad. I miss my cat and I love him and I'm sorry.