
Life just sucks sometimes. Honestly. I am really not very happy. I mean, I can be happy sometimes when I'm off doing something that I'm not really thinking about stuff, but besides that I'm not so happy.

Its like the same hell that went on when my parents were married, nothing but arguing, because my dad calls and wants to come over here every night and he doesn't even give us money. I can't get a car, therefore I can't work, I don't even have a cell phone, I can't buy a class ring, my mom is struggling, and it drives me crazy. He doesn't help AT ALL and its not fair. I don't even know what I'm going to do. Then my mom is talking about moving because she is unhappy too but it will be even more stress if we move again. I can't imagine how bad it would screw me up in another school, too, I probably would end up having to take classes I've already taken and graduate a year later or something stupid.

Every guy sucks in this whole town, and I think it would be fun to date someone. No one is worth it, and I envy those girls who have good boyfriends and go out and do stuff with them.

I was getting this little white cami out of the washer that my mom gave me out of her drawer that pushes my boobs up and I wear it under my black coat and my other stuff, and with my leather stuff, and she pitches a god awful fit and claims its hers she lost forever, and just acted so immature and I finally gave her the damn thing and said I would buy myself a new one this weekend. I swear, I haven't screamed so much in an evening.

Then me and my mom get into it and she's screaming and crying and I'm screaming and crying and I have all these horrid memories, and I swear things just build up until I snap. Plus this weather is so freaking depressing. Its January, its not supposed to be 70 degrees. I hate it so much. I wish I wasn't so unhappy sometimes.

I know people have bad days, but this is stuff I deal with all the time, and stuff I hear everyday, and I thought we got away from it, but we still haven't, and I don't want to cry every evening almost out of being unhappy.