Sad, but true.
I feel like I am trying to hard to hold on to old friendships.  I almost feel like I have to let go.  I mean, I feel like I have plenty to go around and that I can be perfectly fine keeping old friends while making new ones.  But, it seems like no one else feels that way.  It's like since I am not "there", that I don't matter.  Kayte rarely calls me to just talk to me.  In fact, I can't think of the last time I have just talked to her.  I think one of the reasons I don't like going over to the house anymore is because sitting there smoking pot is not doing anything for me anymore.  I mean every once in a while is perfectly fine, but I feel like I am wasting time, or more specifically my life, when I am sitting there doing nothing.  I haven't talked to Sam in a while either.  I don't know what is making me feel like this or why I am feeling like this, but it kind of makes me depressed.  I mean other than Sam and Kayte, I don't know of anyone who thinks about me when I am not "there."  I guess I don't KNOW if they do it either, but I comfort myself when I think that they do.  

I am changing so much and I have no one to talk about it with.  I mean I know I have people to talk to, but do they really care about it?  Are they not more in tune with their own life and more worried about themselves?  I wish that I could be that selfish.  I am not saying that that kind of selfishness is bad, but I think that since I don't have that selfishness in me, I am resentful of the people that do.  I guess I care too much about friendships and people.  Should I just take friendships and aquaintences for what they are and not try harder to find out more about a person than the funny things that they say when they are high.  I assume that no one else at the house thinks this way.  I mean what do they really CARE about other than pot and video games?  They only work to get money to buy pot and food.  Most of them don't go to school, most of them I don't really know anything about other than the gossip that is passed on to me.  I am tired of gossip.  I want to know more about people than just what they did on Saturday night.

I wish that I had all the answers because I have been thinking about this alot and it only continues to make me sad and uncomfortable.  

Am I just ready for something more when no one else is?