first depression of the semester
started yesterday. there was a lambda meeting yesterday at the president's apartment. i don't have a car here and i only feel comfortable with him and some of the other people who also don't have cars. i called and asked if he could give me a ride, he said that he needed to clean up his room before anyone calls and sounded so annoyed that i was trying to get a ride. he said to call him back if i couldn't get anyone to give me a ride but i didn't. i felt like shit because i tried and it didn't work. i'm sick of trusting people to be friends and finding out latter on that they were just lying and they don't give a shit about you. i'm tired of being dependant for people with rides, it makes people not like you. i'm tired of trying to be social. it's like a little elementary kid trying to talk to all these college people, because in social iq that's where i left off. being isolated for four years in elmentary school really stunted my social skills. i feel lost and confused and not knowing what to do. i yearn to be able to talk without feeling like i fucked up, that i don't know what to say. i wish i could talk and not have to blurt out whatever i say because if i don't say it now i'll loose it, i won't remember it. i'm to depressed to study or do anything and yet i can't see my therapist because she's all full. i hate this shit. i wish i was back home with mary, she'd at least talk to me and make me calm down. but i'm stuck with stupid melissa over here who doesn't give a shit about me. i don't want to go to class...speaking of which i guess i should explain to my teachers about my depression so hopefully if i start to miss alot of class i won't be penalized for it. yet another thing i would've liked to go through with a therapist first...i'm thinking about calling the university hospital that i went in last semester and calling their number to set something up with the psychotherapy training service because right now it's not working. i need her now and i can't see her. just another what's the point in life when all i do is keep failing.