Why do I do this to myself?
At around two o'clock today, I started missing her. Again. I started remembering how we used to be, how good life seemed. I remembered who I was then, how bright and alive I was, how friendly and good, how much potential I had, and I missed that, too. I miss the long drives, standing beside my car on a dark road, staring at the stars and talking, staring into the darkness where her eyes were and forgetting what i had meant to say. I miss her smell, the way her hair looked in the morning, the arguments we had because she was a hippie and I was a young republican. I miss being around someone who made me feel humble because they actually were as smart as I was. I miss being amazed every moment. I miss the blue of her eyes, and the way the paint on her nails was always chipped, the fact that she loved the outdoors as much as I did, that we could sit and hold hands and that was enough. I miss being uncomfortable because I was sure her parents didn't like me, and being uncomfortable because a couple of my good friends had been her boyfriends before me. I miss trusting someone so much that I really would tell her anything . . . I told her everything, every single secret. Even the end, when she didn't talk to me, when she wouldn't make time for me . . . sometimes even that seems better than being without her. I just miss everything about life with her. And it has been so long, and I don't know why I let myself get like this, I don't know why today, of all days, I don't know why I can't just forget about it and move on. I don't want to be crippled by these memories for the rest of my life. It makes me feel so weak, so stupid. I feel ashamed that I haven't yet been able to let go, and ashamed that it seems to add a touch of dishonesty to everything I do, acting as if I were free to live my life as if I were beholden to no one, as if I truly were alive. I hate this so much. Almost wish I drank, so I could become an alcoholic and then endeavour to drink myself to death, or at least a nightly drunken stupor free of thoughts and remembrances. I guess it's my fault for being so lucky, for finding someone so perfect right off the bat. If I had tried and failed a few times before finding something so true, maybe I would have been wiser, maybe I wouldn't dwell so much now. I don't know.

I don't know what to think, I don't know what to do. I guess I'll just sit here in the quiet until the crazy goes away. You can wait these things out, right?