Lonelyness
 
Inbetween the nightmares last night I had a dream which my old best friends made guest appearances. And then today while listening to people at work talk about times they hung out and did this and that. I realized I'm lonely. I miss having a friend. I miss talking for a long time on the phone about all kids of things, going to the movies, or a sudden urge to go to the bar on a wed night. Its not like I don't want one, I just want one who isn't going to go all crazy on me. I dunno I miss having that small bond, and it makes me sad. So yeah I kinda figured thats one of the readons I am so damn depressed. I'm so damn depressed I actually got a book, to help get you out of depression and into "thinking" happy, or having a happy brain.

I Reallllllllly hate working with Angela. Every time I work with her, she has something negative to tell me every hour about something I should not be doing or should be doing or something i shouldn't even be thinking of doing. Yesterday every second, don't talk about the customers, I was actually talking to another employee that I was worried about the little boy, who couldn't find the kid who was watching him, and was wondering if I should talk to manager about it. Then she comes up and goes you guys shouldn't talk about the customers, that boy's mom could be in the store. The boy told me his mom was in nevada or somewhere, and the guy who watched him sometimes leaves him in stores if they are running late for the bus. Oh don't interupt me when I'm talking to a customer, I was just pointing out the error she made about the author. And it just went on and on. I've labeled it the young bitch syndrome, this is when you have a manager or someone high above you who is younger then most of the regular employees or a little older and since she/he's been manager since they've been working they think they know everything and are way better then you cause they think you'll always be lower then them.
My shoulders hurt I think mostly because of the stress, and so on and not sleeping well. Also I have a never ending headache. I think that might be because my mom thinks I'm gonna pay an extra $40. a month. Um no. 