its been a month tomarrow
have you ever had someone you loved more than anything leave you and yet you didn't have a whole lot of time to say goodbye. you constantly think about them and cry. no matter what good memories you have you focus on the bad. the day they died you were there in the morning because they were sleeping but as you left you said nothing. you couldn't look at them or even speak. you sat there like you did ever sunday only this time you weren't playing cards, you weren't joking around or talking about the week. you were too sad to talk feeling you may cry, seeing a person go through that knowing there is nothing you could do. so you sit there an hour then leave because your heart can't take it. you don't say goodbye or anything. just just look at them and leave. later that day you find out they died, but yet thats impossible because you were just there and saw them alive. then your whole like changes and your never be the same. thinking about them, remembering things they would do like give you rides, go out to eat, come to concerts, dinners, take you out over the summer and always be early no matter what. anything you do, you remember doing it with that person and just go numb. nothing will matter anymore. happyness isn't real its only a state of mind. evrything has changed and will never get back to normal. no matter how much you liss them, they won't come back. that person was everything to you, they were your faviorte relative and were excatly like them. you never said goodbye, it was always see you later. things happened too fast and for the worst. missing a person is horrilbe, yet there no longer suffering and are happy.as you cry you know there in a better place but you don't care to see them one more time would mean anything. you stare out the window and see there car, but it's not theres. you don't what to get into it for the memorys fly through your head. your dad goes to there house and says you'll have to come eventually \, you onever want to go there for more memorys will come and those you can't take. you dad asks you if you want anything of theres and you say i don't know but inside all you want is them back

i love you grandma and miss you so much, it feels like you've been gone foever.its like its a bad dream but i can't wake up. if on;y you were here, i can't take it i feel sick to my stomach.



say what you feel, because you nver know what will happen.