
We are gonna go see Underworld 2 tonight at the midnight showing and thats in like 4 hrs. As of right now I'm really bored and don't know what to do. I've watched movies all day today and watched Buffy all last night so I'm kinda of tired of just sitting there and staring at a screen. Well I shouldn't complain cuz I'm doing that right now by sitting here at the computer. At least I went to the library today and checked out books so I can read. Adem bought me Lemony Snickets at his work today and I watched that earlier, it made me wanna check out the book series so I checked out the first 2 books and am gonna start reading another series. Even though I haven't finished reading the 5th Harry Potter book for the second time but I will get back to it. Stuff has just been so on edge these past few days with Adem and I arguing and then making up again. I hate to fight with him and I don't like to be angry, we just have to learn to both compromise with what each other wants. I've gotta start looking for work elsewhere cuz I'm not getting any hours at work but I'm procrastinating due to the point that I do have a job. Even Adem isn't getting any hours at work so we are gonna be so freakin tight on money this month and that suck. I do enjoy working at AE when they make me do more things than just stand around greeting customers, I'm the type of person that likes to multitask. On Wed when I worked they had me help out with the floorset and ring up customers too so the day went by a whole lot faster and plus it was so dead at the mall that day. We are getting ready for the move so that they can redo the store and I've gotta help move the stuff Sunday night from 7 to 2am. I don't mind but its just that I'm not really close to anyone at work and I kinda feel like a loner when everyone else there gets a long really well. I talk to people and I try to make friends but I don't think they want to befriend me. Oh well I shouldn't feel sorry for myself and just deal with it cuz I'm a nice person and I will make other friends sooner or later. I haven't called my family since the 14th and I should call them again soon to see how everyone is doing. I miss them all so much and I worry about my mom, I hope that she is doing well and that her illness is over. So bored right now, Adem's gaming and I told him that I wouldn't make a big deal out of it so I gotta deal. Thats what he likes to do and I can't stop him from doing things he wants to, goes the same for him too.