59
There are a few things that I've ben wanting to write about for a while, but I haven't had the time, energy, or inclination to do so.  I guess as good a place to start as any would be why I didn't go to Rebound this month.  I was almost ready to go out, I was dressed and had all my makeup on, when I made the mistake of looking in the mirror.  Now, if you are Dungeon Mistress of a fetish club you are basically top domme: you have to look the best, you have to act the best, you have to be the best...and that was not what I saw looking back at me.  In fact, it was pretty far from it - I looked tired and scared and ugly, and I just fell apart.  I was shouting at poor George because I was so angry and upset, but I ended up having such a bad panic attack that I couldn't even speak.  I didn't even have the confidence to look George in the eye, let alone domme and entire club, and I've never felt more useless in my life.  George had to phone up Meg on my behalf and tell her I wasn't coming, and when he did so I felt like such a failure.  Rebound was the last place I felt happy and able to be myself, but I felt that I wasn't good enough to even walk through the door.  I'm so worried that they won't want me back, or that they'll ask someone else to DM because I'm not stable enough.  I was so exhausted by the panic attack that I had to go to bed, and I slept solidly for about 3 hours.

The truth is that I am now quite obviously not well.  It varies depending on my menstrual cycle quite significantly, but there are no two ways about the fact that my depression has come back.  I'm constantly low, and my thoughts are always negative.  I hate myself, and part of me thinks I don't deserve anything.  I constantly feel that people are talking about me behind my back, and hardly anything makes me happy any more.  I've even caught myself wishing that I could go to sleep and not wake up again because it's all so hard to deal with.  If George weren't here, it doesn't even bear thinking about how bad things might have got by now.  I think about self harming all the time, and my panic attacks are happening at least once a week.  I'm constantly tired, I have no motivation to do anything, and I feel like my brain is full of smoke.  The herbal tablets have definitely made a difference, but I just don't think they're strong enough to deal with this level of illness.  But if I go back to the doctor, I know fine well that he'll just put me back on medication, and to be honest I'd rather take cyanide than those tablets again.

I just took the Goldberg's depression test online, and I scored 59 - apparently that is well over the mark for "severe depression" - that's as bad as any score I ever had a few years ago.  I took that test just 6 months ago out of curiosity, and I only scored 9.

I just don't know what to do.  :-(