why?
well i recently moved out of my familys house and into my boyfriends, which at the time sounded like a great idea. but has turned out to be disatrous and the things that i left my home for which isnt lookin nearly as bad ne more i have found more conflict here with his mom. shes jealous, pompous, and close-minded. i feel so alone, i call my dads office and hes gone so i leave a message and my dads a business man so he gets all his messages and he didnt call me back for a week. i know i left them and that they hate my BF which is a stupid long story, but i dont understand why they disown me so.  i mean me and my mom have our weekly emails. and just that alone makes me smile. everytime my mail thing pops up i hope to hear from her. and my face lights up when i get one. just knowin she took time out of her busy day to write and say hey this is goin on. my lil bro doesnt IM me ne more or even acknowlef=dged i ever existed. to him im the stupidest sister in the world, and that is a compliment in itself bc at least he owns up to the fact im his sister ya kno. its not that i left bc i didnt love them bc i kno i do bc theres not a day that goes by without me thinkin of them. wonderin what they were doin, if they are alrite, and just wishing i could hug them, and i bet your htinkn then why d you leave them if u care so much? well you wouldnt be the onyl one askin that. i deal with that question everyday. and i feel the pain everyday some days worse than others. and i know that im on the brink of depression but i dont know wat to do i want to be friends with my mom and i want her to be proud of me for once, but i know that i have given everything up for this boy, sometimes i feel like i have even given up my happiness. not sayin he does nt make me royaly happy, but he cant take my pain away no matter how hard his little heart tries and i know that i wish he knew that, i have things i need to sort out and til i do ima be stressed. i had no idea i would miss them this much to write in livejournal again but iam so i mustbe hurtin pretty bad. well he s here tryin to save the day and now i have writers block. thanks for readin my sad life....pray for happiness. please