oh yuck
okay, so this week has got to be one of the worst weeks I have had in ages. Let's review it. Monday, I had to work at the Y but it wasn't that bad and then I had a piano lesson that I was late for and not ready for that didnt go that well. Then I went to the library I think which is like my 2nd home, just so I can get away I suppose. Monday wasn't that bad except that we had singing and a bunch of other stuff and I had to sing alone but couldnt really sing that well cuz I was sick and then tuesday is where my week really went downhill. Get to school, and Rusty's alone cuz mrs white went on vacation. He starts yelling at me about all my computer first off, then I am not allowed to go anywhere or do anything cuz I had an R. Then I had to call my work to say that if they needed me I couldnt work. Then I had to go to stupid gym after I was already mad and so me and lauren went to caribou and talked for a long time at lunch that day, and I totally failed a business math test which should not have happened, and then I had to go home and tell my mama and then I took my bro to the library for like half the nite. Wow, I really do live there! :) and then on wednesday, I went to school, then work, and it actually went okay, and then after school, I met Kari for coffee and then took her home, but it wasn't that fun, cuz I think she lies to me alot. Then there was church and Awana, which for some odd reason just all felt kinda awkward, and then after church I called Abe who had not called me all week and it did not go good. I feel so sick in my tummi and my chest pinches inside every time I talk or think about him. Cuz then the next day I just looked forward to talking to him cuz he said he'd call me the next day. and so I went to school and had lunch by myself and went to gym and threw my heart into the same old grind of kickball cuz I was just frustrated with life and worried about alot of things, oh and on Wednesday, I totally bombed a physics test and have to redo that one too, and then after school on thursday I went to woodcrest to pick up beth and we bashed life and then went to caribou and panera, and then I dropped her off and totally got lost hopelessly and almost ran out of gas and my battery died for a sec but I fixed it and I was scared and sad and lonesome inside, and when I got home, I went to cub and bought tons of stuff to bake for the stupid bake sale at school that me and lolo had to do entirely by ourselves, and then abe called me just to tell me that it wasn't working with us and he felt happier without dealing with this blah blah blah and yada yada and i cried and cried that nite and felt sick oh wait my bad that was all wednesday night that is why I was in a bad mood on thursday nite when ash came over to my house, and then I talked to noah for a really long time on thursday but I didnt want to and didnt like it at all cuz it just made me uncomfortable and I would much much much much much rather have been talking to abe and then on friday I got my work done uber uber early and then I left school and did like nothing before I went with ashi to woodcrest and went in and almost cried when I saw abe but had fun talking to the rest of them and all in all it was an okay nite and I have just been praying alot more and accepting the fate that life is going downhill rite now no matter what I do so there is no way to turn it around so thats about it....anyhow, life today was terrible, worked at 7, did nothing all day went to the library and northwestern and stuff and then did absolutely nothing cuz all my friends are busy or gone or just yeah whatever and i feel sick insdide rite now so I am just going to end this cuz life sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thats all....