"what do you want from me?" "i want you"
has anyone gone here &gt;&gt; ? i did. and i posted a few, some annoymous some by me.you know, i dont feel like I have a genuine friend at Anderson High.and im not saying this to get sympathy (for the 2 that go there&nbsp;and know me and are or might read this).maybe i just havent adjusted well enough...? maybe im still too shy to open up and TRY to find new friends.maybe i just got there too late, my senior year, and everyone else has established friendships since day one. and even way before that.but still.i spent the first few weeks of school, walking around by my lonesome.and&nbsp;to the&nbsp;few "friends" i have at that school, i hate it when i hang out with their friends because once one of our common friends isnt present, they&nbsp;act like they dont even know me. isnt that nice? i love that. love.it.its like they are materialistic and judgemental. i dont have a car ; oh, im not talking to you. im not "cool enough", oh, no way, im going to be seen with you.and of course there are the ones who misjudge you and dislike you for no reason really at all. maybe you should learn or educate yourself, you&nbsp;DUMBASS.i guess you dont like me because :- im not rich enough- im too spic for you- im too stupid- im too ugly- im not good enoughright? that must be it? i cant think of any other reason why....i wish&nbsp;i had just stayed at AYW and said, "FUCK a traditional high skool experience" i would have finished long ago and i would be gathering all my nickels and dimes, due to work, so that i can move out.but no. im an idiot. im a real mother fucking IDIOT!maybe im PMSing and its got me all thinking about friendships and how much my life blows at the moment.and then, there is that one "friend" that i loved so much, i left that shool, they&nbsp;"came out of the closet", got new friends, and forgot about us. yes, i refuse to call YOU because, if your not going to try, why the fuck should i ?sadest thing of all? i have no one to pour out my heart to. and this lonelieness is really killing me. damnit, im getting tear eyed. im so weak, but youll never see me cry.you have no idea how bad i want this school year to end. no.fucking.idea.