Lonely
Although it might be stupid for me to be feeling it, the matter of fact is that I feel lonely recently. My family feels foreign to me, my friends don't act the same, and people around me have a strange aura. 
     MY family has changed since we moved, they've become somewhat unbearable. Id do what I can around the house because my sister doesn't help me cause she thinks she too good to be doing chores. My mom yells and screams at me for things I would never do, my dad despises me cause I haven't taken the next step to our religion, and my sister doesn't care what she says to me. And that hurts more than anything dealt to me. She actually said 'I hate you and wish that you weren't here.' When she says that I feel as if a dagger was thrown into my heart. I practically raised her. When she didn't have money for food I'd lend her some. When she needed help with homework I afford my assistance to her. And then she does something like this. It hurts.
    My friends act as if they were drugged saying things that make no sense to me and laugh about it. I feel so left out. They won't say anything and when I try to talk they ignore me and focus their attention back to their foolishness. After the incident with my sister I went to look for comfort which resides in my friends and they turned away. I'm on the brink of crying and pouring out how I feel, and they won't even hesitate to look at me. I am the black sheep of the flock, to be ignored with out even knowing why.
    This leaves me with the sense of loneliness. I look at the people around me with their good pals on their right and a boyfriend/girlfriend on the left and wander why they have it all? Why can't I find someone who will like me for who I am? I have never dated and being at the age of 16 others look down on me with disgust. But I don't find that to look down on people with disgust. I haven't dated for one reason, I can't find a good person. All the boys at my school seem perfect with the girls their with. I'm jealous. There's other times when I could careless but right now I'm lonely, depressed, and jealous. 
    All I ask for is a good friend, 1 GOOD friend, and my life might come back to me. I don't want to live here with no one I can't relate or talk to when I feel pained. I feel as if I'm going to burst if I try to keep it in any longer so I write it on here. For those who have read this and reply, I say thank you from the bottom of my hear, thank you so much for listening.