*Warning* Mope fest....*sigh* 
Well, aren't I just feeling ultimately alone right now? *Sigh* I dunno why, I just feel like pooh. I feel like a lost little puppy and I can't take it anymore. I know in my heart that I just want someone to be there for me, a boyfriend. Someone who cares about me. However, I'm afraid that will never happen again. Hell, when it DID happen, he wasn't there for me. He didn't give a flying rat's ass about me or how I felt. He did not care. Period, the end. No more to say about that subject. It seems that, the closer it gets to stupid Valentine's day, the lonlier I get. I feel like I shouldn't even be thinking about this when some of my friends are going through a lot worse than I am. I feel like a cry baby, worrying about this stuff when two of my friends have just been through breakups and crap. I just wish I had someone... Man, aren't I the mopey one today? Not the first time. I remember, the other day I cried because JP mentioned Prom and stupid ppl getting married after HS. All I kept thinking was that I can't even get a boyfriend. I can't even get a guy to just hang out with me. Not going to happen. Ever. It's been almost a freaking year since JP and I haven't even come close to getting another boyfriend. What's wrong with me? My cousin once said, "You know, you could probably have a boyfriend if you weren't so picky." Am I too picky? But why shouldn't I be picky? I don't want just some random guy. I couldn't believe she'd said that. What, am I supposed to just lower my standards and go out with any nasty jerk that crosses my path, just like her? Meh. MEH MEH MEH! Stupid shitty Valentine's day always does this crap to me. I get all down in the dumps and lonely and it doesn't help when no one freaking likes me except for some guy who doesn't even speak English. I wish this stupid day would be outlawed. All it does is rub it in my face that I am, and forever will be alone. Not something I need to hear. Bleck, well I am going to go. Bye.