____________
I keep having to repeat this story to everybody so I figure that I would just put it here so that I wouldn't have to keep telling it. Some of it you've probably heard, so bear with me. At the end of last semester, I confessed to my friend Britt that I did have feelings for her beyond friendship, and she told me that she felt the same way, but she still loved her boyrfriend. I told her that I would be happy to remain as simply a friend so that she could still be with him. I think that we became really close at the end of last semester, and it is safe to say, she was my best friend here. She left for break a few days before I did, and I talked to her a little bit each day while I was still here as she was bored at home. When I got home, I managed to talk to her about every other day or so for a while. One day, she said she had to go out, but that she would call me when she got back. She didn't. Later, she sent me a text message saying that she didn't want to risk losing her bf, so I thought that I would not try to call her back in case he was there and it made things difficult for them, after all, I wanted her to be happy. She did not call me the rest of break. I got back to school before she did and sent her a text message asking when she'd be back. She never responded. When I knew that she was back on campus, I went to see her, but she was not in her room, so I left her a note to call me. She didn't. I went to see her a few days later, and she was there, but barely acknowledged that I was in the room and talked mainly to her roommate. So I left. I began to avoid her. I didn't know why she all of the sudden hated me, but I figured that she didn't want to see me anymore so I would try to do her a favor and disappear. That's tough because she's in one of my classes, but I never made eye contact with her or talked to her or even looked at her. Recently, another close friend of mine decided to stop talking to me for no apparant reason. So I was feeling down and thought that I would try once again to mend my relationship with Britt, I IM'd her and we had a civil conversation until I mentioned that I missed seeing her and all my friends on her floor (I can't get into the girls dorm without someone opening the door for me and nobody seemed to want to talk to me anymore). She then told me that it was what I wanted and I should be happy because now I got to spend more time with Trisha and that's what I wanted. Which of course is not true. Britt has never liked her, but Trisha and her roommate Erin and I are close and so I spend a lot of time in their room hanging out, watching movies etc. Britt is absolutely convinced that I like Trisha as something more than a friend, despite whatever I have told her for numerous months. So then I told her that she was nuts and told her all of my efforts to see her and then I left my room because I didn't want to be around for when she sent a response. I shouldn't have worried, she never did. I have managed to mend things with the other friend who stopped talking to me, but she is still friends with Britt and it makes me sad to see that they can still be friends, but for some reason, I can no longer join in. In fact, most of the people I am with make me sad now. I either feel sad because they are pissed at me, they won't talk to me, they used to be pissed / not talk to me, or, for the remaining few, I fear that I appear a pity whore because over the past few weeks I've been pretty fucking sad. It's a good thing I love the school so much, because a lot of my friends make me wanna transfer.