Void
Nights like tonight remind me why it's such a struggle to love myself.
Here I am, coming home from a 12-hour day at the hospital where I did little but try feebly at making myself useful and get treated like scum. I come home alone. I make food and eat it in front of the TV - my feet exhausted. Too tired even to get out of my scrubs which must have fluids on them somewhere. I'm disgusting. I watch TV until I get the energy to change. Now it is nearing 6:30 PM and I know that I will not have the energy to leave the house, nor do I have any reason to, no one has invited me anywhere and there's no motivation to go alone to some coffee shop; I don't want to study and I don't want to go to a bar full of 19-year-old lesbians who probably look at me like I looked at the fat dykes in Northern Mass when I was in college. I eat cheese and crackers for dinner off a cutting board. I drink tea with sugar and creamer and watch more TV, fucking around on the internet a bit, checking my watch until it's time for bed. While waiting for the tap water to get hot, to wash my face, I take my brown eyeliner pencil and highlight the subtle lines on my face - just to see what I'm going to look like. It's sad. While brushing my teeth I think about how I don't need to wash my hair tomorrow. It'll just get oily in that massage class, I'm sure, and it's not like anyone gives a crap what my hair looks like anyway. No one but me and I'm tired of caring. I also think briefly that maybe I'll meet someone there. I imagine how that would go - an instructor likely, as there are no lesbian medical students going as far as I know. I picture us flirting and realize, with a pang, that I haven't flirted in ages. I have no idea how it would go. And most significantly, I make myself stop thinking about such ridiculous things becuase it's never going to happen. So, alone, I finish getting ready for bed, write on this journal which no one will read and pretend to care about myself for another day. Why? I think because I hope one day someone will love me like I need to be loved, but hoping for that just leaves me feeling empty. And here I am.