
So I guess I was a little bit more upset about Widji than I thought I was. I found out at 4:00pm and was sad and upset but I was more on the angry side. Then around 9 I just flipped out on my brother, which is totally inexcusable. He's not the kind of kid that you just take your anger out on. I feel terrible, I was yelling at him about things that I didn't even care about, I was just so upset about Widji. As soon as I got off the phone with him I called my mom and just broke down sobbing for about an hour. Yeah, maybe a little more upset than I thought...I apologized to Alex and he was so sweet, he's the best brother ever. He was like "how are you feeling RIGHT NOW? Two words." I said "disappointed and homesick" so he made me a soundtrack that I put on my iTunes. I sat on my bed folding laundry, listening to Alex's soundtrack, and I just started crying. Not even sobbing just huge amounts of tears streaming down my face. This lasted for awhile and then I thought I was gonna wake up Jill (it was 1:00am) so I went into the hallway and curled up in the corner and just sobbed more. My customs people came out and made me feel better, and Mariel sent me this adorable e-card later, I just felt like kind of an idiot. I mean, I am not really the "crying type" at all. This is only my second time crying at school all year, even when I've been pretty miserable. Man. This Widji business really is killing me. Juliet put it well- she said that it's strange because she's never associated feelings of disappointment, sadness, anger, and frustration with Widji. Widji has always been the happiest place I can think of, and I'm the happiest person in the world when I'm there. My feelings about Widji caused me to yell at my little brother, something that he does NOT deserve. Man, I'm kind of a wreck right now.

Alex- Thanks for the soundtrack and for being the best brother ever. I really want you to come here for my birthday, I guess I miss you a lot when I'm gone. I'm really glad that I'll get to spend this summer with you.