Conflicted
So, had a long talk with Shellee and Ellen today on the way home from class, and then a longer talk with myself.

Wondering what the hell is wrong with me and why I am so dysfunctional.  Better stop blaming Henry for messing Lawrence up, have a feeling it is me.

Just seriously trying to figure out why/how I have such a bizarre view on life and love and relationships.  I mean, let's look at recent guys....probably gonna break up with Mike because he likes me (and Lawrence) too much, still stupidly hanging onto to admiration and smiles and more than I like to admit for Dan, who feels all those things for other people and generally likes me (and Lawrence) too little.  What if my real drive to move to an isolated area in Alaska is to have an excuse for my complete failure in relationships?  Part of me can honestly admit that it would be easier dealing with not having a companion if there were none to be had.  Too bad I have a kid, I could become some sort of nun.  Sex is doing less and less for me these days anyway.  What I want more than sex is to just come home and cook dinner for someone, and eat at a table with napkins, and have an intelligent conversation about things we are passionate about and just live and be happy at least most of the time, and stimulated to make things better when I am not.   Why do I perpetually sabotage that?

Also, I am starting to think I simply choose guys who from the outset will never work, setting myself up for failure in a way.  Examples:  Mike (surfer, enough said), Dan (hung on even though he and Lawrence are like oil and water), Cary (fwb), Aaron (MARRIED), and that takes us back to the ultimate mistake, Henry himself.  I seriously suck.  Other people get together and stay together, hell, with the exception of Kim (who isn't looking) I am the only single person I know.  And what does it say that simply because I have decided that I probably need to break it off with Mike soon, I am already feeling the sadness of not having someone to share my life with.  It's just not the same to have a great day at school and try to talk to a 4 year old.  Or to read a great book, or hear a radio report that incenses me and just want to talk to someone who is also passionate.  I suppose if I had that, I'd probably want great sex too, but the sex isn't enough.

Somedays I just wanna walk away from who I am and start over.  I feel like I am too messed up and too many people know it to ever get "normal".  But I am just being sad and whiny, probably looking at myself naked triggered all this.  How funny that I almost don't want Dan to see me when he comes out to visit his friends in WA, despite my own morbid desire to talk to him, because I'd like him to remember me with a good body and that is all shot to hell right now.  Ate 4 Valentine's Day cookies today, that should help.