mood swings?
So I've noticed a drastic change in my mood. It all started probably on Wednesday as a small rut, but two days later and its become a full-blown feeling-bad-about-myself-and-leave-me-the-fuck-alone depression, leaving me feeling unappreciated and generally worthless. Not only do I want to lock mysef away in my room and sulk, but I also can't bring myself to talk about anything, especially my instability, with anybody. I figure that this can't be me; I am a pretty emotionally stable human being and my sanity level is also completely at a norm, at least compared to some (or most).  Anyway, it got me to thinking that these little spats have been occuring frequently and often. I mean, everyone has a bad day or two, but this kind of empty dispair feeling shouldn't be happening on a regular basis. So, using my handy-dandy archive feature on our old friend livejournal, I came to find that my last spout of depression occured about 1 months ago, almost exactly at this date. The more I looked back, the more I saw that this mood swing was pretty much occuring monthly. So, why the patterns? Each month rolls around and I get depressed, which lead to me think about other things that happen to me once every month. Catch my drift? After doing a little bit of research around the internet, I come to find that my birth control pills are controlling me! For three weeks, my body is hyped up on so much progesterone that when I go off of the pills for a week, my depraved body forms all sorts of bad chemicals in my brain, thus causing me to be strangely mercurial.

That's all for now. Except that today while standing in a pen, a 1200 pound Holstein steer (dairy cow) ran at me at full speed only to come to a complete stop right in front of me. It scared the shit out of me, but all he wanted was to be stratched on his head. It makes me sad that he's going to slaughter soon. :(

Anyway, I wanted to appologize if I've been acting stand-offish. Blame it on the pill.

And with that, I need to go change my tampon.