how cliche, and completely unoriginal am i? but im drowning and i cant get up. 
i just want to feel happy. but i feel like im just aimlessly wandering around hoping to find something to make me smile. and i find it occasionally and for a split second i feel like im really happy but it goes away as quickly as it came and im left with an cold cemptiness. ive been really down and truly truly sad for a very consistent period of time these last few weeks and i cant figure out why. i want to find motivation to do work and feel good about what ive accomplished and have a drive to accomplish more, but i dont. im just tired and dont even want to bother but at the same time, i know i have to keep afloat and in the back of my mind i want to keep going. but i cant find that spark to get me going because im stuck in a deep rut that i cant see any light at the top. this is like the perfect time to be feeling like this too, right before finals week, have a paper due tomorrow, and a lab practical tomorrow. GOSH! 
my roommate and i are no longer on really close terms so often it feels weird to be in my own apartment, and all i really want to do is to sit down and talk with my friend but she now has so much to do that its sometimes hard to match up our conflicting schedules to hang out, my family reads so much into things and i dont want them to have to listen or worry about my problems. and gosh, i feel like im such a burden on my guy (calling him randomly and just venting) when he really needs to focus on school and im just making it so difficult and he gets frustrated (even though he's never admit it) at me. i couldnt ask for a better guy, and im suck a jerk for saying this, but i want more from him emotionally because sometimes im lost without that component in him. man, what a selfish person i am, i just feel so lonely. and for the first time in my life i feel deeply, completely alone and i dont know what to do about it. 
but im telling myself its all a moody phase and my selfish little self will wake up tomorrow and be fine with the world. yes, tomorrow...