i need help
So today i have officially hit rock bottom  i can safely say i am having a huge depression downfall, i am sick of it, i have been on meds for this shit for ever and i have seen a shruink but my life is too messed up for a magic pill and a bastard that will just there and talk shit to me, well i am done.  Today i found out that my husband has been nice to me purely cause he is wanting a nice and friendly divorce, nothing more, so why the spending the night?, the kiss, candy? flowers? i mean i don't get any of it? i swear i am so done with men it is unreal.  I have made a lot of friends lately but i still feel very lonely, and ya know i really really need a hug, like i physically wanna be held, i have totally lost my sense of self, i no longer want things i have been working towards, iam in ohysical pain, i can't stop crying, man i am so lonely and depressed that it disgusts me, yes i have reached the point where i disgust myself. 

So i didn't go to school today and from the looks of it i will not be, i need to get a full time job tat pays enough that i can afford child care and all the household bills for the kids , the pets and me, i am scared, i dunno how i am gonna do it all, but i have to man up.  It seems like everytime i get into any relationship, whether friendship or loving, i always lose, but i mean at least he will be hapy, at first i just thought that maybe i needed to get laid, and it is not the sex it is the touch, i miss the intimacy, i miss to kiss a person whether male or female, ya know it is true after a while sex doesn't really matter, just the intimacy.  I had this friend and we were talking into taking it into the nest step, he had never been with a fat woman and i had always liked him but i don't play with drugs and he does... then this guy i was being hooked up with well he is together with the person that was hooking us up as a couiple, full blown marriage type, then my husband has someone new, teh wonderful guy from the net has gorgeous ex g/f's and well i feel intimidated so i am not even gonna go there, i have nobody to cry on or to hold, cause maybe if i had someone to hold i would not cry so much,

now school , my personal life got the better of me, i have been crushed since i was 3, i have picked up my own pieces and right when i thought i was whole again my wonderful husband has his affair, since then i have been on a rollercoaster ride, avoiding the state that i am in right now, i go out and get no pleasure, i dunno what is wrong with me, i wanna be with someone but i have 2 failed marriages and 3 kids, i am fat, not pretty and have nothing going for me, who the hell is gonna want me?, i know that there is something out there that can help with my depression but i have tried so many things already i dunno if i wanna get dissapointed again, i have been on so many support groups, pills and seen so many shrinks, man this movie in the background sux, i am hungry but i rather not eat, i can't go back to drowning myself in food, it feels good for a second but then it takes me forever to lose it.

I am so cold all the time, i seriously think that there is something serisouly wrong with me, like physically wrong, i do habve all kinds of diseases, but maybe the icing on my cake is that i have something else, more serious or something, my teacher is driving me nuts, he returned my paper for the th time cause it still needs improvement, well guess what i am not gonna go back to school so fuck it, i dunno what to do.

i know what i need but it seems like it would be an endless maze to try to get it, my chest hurts and i can't stop crying, i am such a two bit looser i am disgusting, if i didn't have my kids i would not be here i would have taken me out of my misery long ago.  That is another thing, I can't even take care of my kids properly, WTF! i need to step it up

i really need help but i have nobody to turn too, i have too much going on , i have too much in my head, too much at school too much in my life, why can't i stop crying!!!, i really wish i had someone to hold me, i really do.  I guess i will write more later.