for a brothers love...
couldnt help myself and feel pretty bad this morning, didnt feel myself whilst on the bus to jamberoo. i felt sad cause the fact still remained that Van Nguyen was going to executed, lookd at my watch frequently till it reach 9am well not realli but a few minutes past 9am gave my one minute silence, was pretty quiet for most of the trip going there, talkd jst for a little while was jst contemplating on life. i may not have have known Van Nguyen personally but his memory still lives with me. i felt sorry for the mother and could not just imagine how much grief she feels at present. was watchin the news updates on channel 10 earlier, didnt see the brother cry or anything. well like hello ur only twin brother just died because of you, do you not feel any remorse? well, i shouldnt be saying that he did lose his brother. I hope johnny howard feels fucking great that one of his citizens died i wonder if he gave a minute silent or was he too fucking busy watching a fucking cricket match? and u'd think australia and singapore are pretty tight allies with all that trading shit going on, i hope australia withdraws and stuff from being allies with singapore and shit. i hope the singaporean p.m is fucking satisfied cause yet again he was able to execute someone, does he get pleasure out of ruining the lives of these people and the families and friends that they leave behind. Ok so i will say it again drugs are bad yes we all know that, but isnt it up to the discretion of the "seller" and "buyer" look it was the buyers choice to buy the drug in the first place, unless the seller was a drug pusher and stuff but i truly believe that van nguyen was not a drug pusher he was merely just an innocent man who did anything to pay for his twin brothers debt. But does killing anyone justify a point? does not everyone have a right to life? (i learnt that in year 10, for sum business/law thing or was it history) yeh its full lyk written in sum right of laws that we ALL have. So killing someone for possessing drugs that were to pay off a debt or just to sell it whatever will that lessen the people taking the drugs? will that lessen the drug pushers of the world? well i dont hear much of people getting executed for being serial killers or rapists? now they should die. drugs will kill someone eventually but its that persons fault for taking the damn thing like am i right or am i right? so to sum it all up, im quite disappointed in the fact the australian government did not do anything to spare this man's life and this goes as well to the singaporean government. well i know van nguyen is in a better place now. i grieve with the loss if him with his family. God Bless his family. Rest In Peace Van Nguyen [dec-02-05]