Desperation and a Wounded Heart
from MySpace 12-3-05

I had play practice for Harvey (by Mary Chase) this evening. I said I was fairly confident in my lines, but who am I kidding? I was wrorried going into practice, but after actually running the scenes, I was practically in tears. I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs I was so frustrated. I didn't understand why it was so hard for me, why I was so nervous I was flubbing my lines so badly. At home I was able to get them with 95% accuracy. Even that would have been okay with our director because she's usually at least a little forgiving if you at least ask for line in character (especailly after UT won like 60 to 3 today, she loves football). I couldn't figure it out. I don't get stage fright, why couldn't I get my blocking and lines right? For that matter, why am I ever nervous? Why do I stutter when I talk to that guy who makes my heart beat so much faster when I came to terms with the fact her will never notice me quite a time ago? I have become a confident individual, why does this keep happening?

It's desperation. I'm so desperate to be perfect in my acting, especially compared to some of my fellow actors, that the pressure becomes to much, and I crack. My head starts spining and I feel my brain start spiraling out of control. It happens with tests and projects and grades, as well. I study and have nothing to worry about, yet every time that reportcard comes I cross my fingers and hold my breath, the anxiety killing me. 

My heart melts when I hear his voice because I feel as though I'm desperatly in love with him (though I'm sure I'm not) and I'm so desperatly seeking his affection. I mean, anyone could see how obvious it's become. It drives a spike into my heart everytime I see him and he doesn't see me. 

I found a way to fight this desperation, though. 

After being bitched at for a half and hour over some stuff other people had done during rehersal, I really needed to relieve some stress. I rolled down the car windows, letting the night breeze waft in its sweet perfumed scent, creating a pocket of cool air around me that acted as a shield from the troubles of my hectic life. Then , I drove really fast and listened to Queen really loud. "Another One Bites the Dust", "Killer Queen", "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", "Somebody to Love", "Stone Cold Crazy". That's some good, cathartic stuff. I felt musch better once I got home.