Forlorn somnambulistic maniacal in the dark
So, I've been going over my plans for the next few days in my head. I've tentatively arranged to see , and I know there's other folks that want to come see me () or for me to go see them (). What doesn't help matters in the least is that I still get nervous as all hell, even around people and places I know well. I'm not as bad as I used to be -- time was, if I was meeting up with someone, I'd be so nervous that I'd end up making myself physically ill -- but it's still enough of a burden to cause a fair amount of trouble.

The weekend is my main concern at present, though. I have several options open to me: Zogg is on Saturday night; there's a festival at the Buddhist centre commemorating the parinirvana and physical death of Gautama Buddha; and finally, there's the easiest option (apart from doing nothing), which is to go buy Shadow of the Colossus, a game I've been awaiting for a very long time, and really get stuck into it.

In reverse order, then; getting hold of the game would effectively not cost me anything, as I bought a couple of games that ended up being no good; if I return those, and take a bit of money out of the bank (I belatedly found a cheque in an Xmas card), then I can afford it. However, as  so rightly pointed out, the game will still be available after this weekend, whereas the other two events are one-offs. Still, this is the path of least resistance, as it were, and therefore has its own appeal.

Going to the Buddhist centre wouldn't be too hard or too costly. However, there are two issues. One is that the festival starts early on both Saturday and Sunday, and it takes in the region of half an hour's travel each way, not counting time spent waiting for a tram or bus; it's possible I could arrive later, though, which is something I'll have to enquire about -- I just sent them an email about it, in fact. The second problem arises in that I have no idea what public transport is like at weekends, and I don't really want to end up stranded on the other side of town if there's only one bus an hour or something. Neither of these issues is insurmountable, and I always feel better when I go there, so this seems like quite a good option (and I could even get SotC as well).

The last option is Zogg. For reasons I'm too tired to elaborate on, going there is also like a celebration of sorts. However, it won't be cheap, and it's not somewhere that's especially easy to get to -- well, more to the point, it's not easy to get back from if I ended up wanting to leave before the end. I haven't been in ages, and I'd like to go, but these circumstances are making me doubtful. There's also the fact that I'm almost guaranteed to feel like shit for the following 2 or 3 days if I do go.

I'm torn, really, as well as nervous. While there's theoretically the possibility of doing all three things, that would leave me without much (if any) money, and feeling exhausted/strung out for some time afterwards. Even with these events aside, I've got a fair bit to do at home, though it's not to a point where it seems overwhelming, like it was before I went away over Xmas/New Year.

I am so, so tired though. Have been for days.