My membership may be revoked 
We all know that I am a big Dork. In High School it was closeted - I was an athlete, I dated, I did what all high schoolers were supposed to do - maintained popularity and kept the dork in me hidden. College came and I didn't care so much - I went out and partied hard for the first two weeks of school (literally every night with the party people down the hall) and then we got homework and I rarely left my room and was in bed by midnight on the weekdays. I let my dorkiness hang all out - which wasn't hard because after I stopped going out every night the party girls thought I had lost my luster and the other girls on my floor (who by 2nd semester were my closest friends) had already pre-judged me from the hard core two weeks, possibly some clothing choices, and in some cases where I came from. In short I was left to stew in my nerdliness and I really liked it. As college went on I managed to balance my dork gene a little better and got a bit of a social life - Made friends with some male sports teams, joined the sorority, and all that crap -  but I was still overall more into books and music than most people I had met - and I had obtained a serious compulsion for downloading music and checking away messages of people I barely knew or hadn't spoken to in years, as well as the people I saw every moment. Getting a boyfriend senior year made it worse - I was even more the antisocial nerd that I loved; books, internet, and playlists included. Post college, well lets just say that I could own my own pocket protector instead of finding the local bar in town, I joined one of the best library systems that I have ever seen and I haven't looked back - literally I haven't even been to a bar since my birthday... that is until yesterday when I was practically escorted out of the library - that's right my favorite place on earth - right up there with Target,Tido's hotdogs, and the couch - and I was kicked out. The little boy - age 4 - knocked down an entire display of books on cd (it was rather large) after both the librarian and myself had asked him not to touch it.Then the 2 year old thought it looked cool and brought down the second display with it and that's when the libririan - who I was just started to gain her respect after my massive book orders and readings - was just disgusted with how I couldn't handle my boys (at this age everyone thinks they are mine - which frightens me) and she all but asked us to leave. I was heart broken. Ever since I had begged my mom for my first library card in kindergarten(which is still in my wallet) I had been to the library at least once a week and at most once a day. I was the librarians favorite and I knew more about the books than most adults... and now my membership to the library dorks of America will be revoked because I was reduced to picking up and entire display of books on Cd ( being around that section is an infraction but knocking it all down?!?!) for about 40 minutes with the insinuation not to return for awhile... what have I become?