Paint Me Sickeningly Gullible
Sooner or later everyone has something that happens in their lives that scars them forever; I had mine just two days ago. Granted, I have had many a cause for not wanting to visit some of the darker recesses of my mind, but at least this one has taught me a lesson: never believe a stranger just because they say they're going to get killed.

Recap: At around nine or ten P.M. I was sitting here at my computer, chatting with a friend of mine, when there was a knock at my door. Assuming it was one of the neighbors asking that we move our car so they can pull in (we have a very narrow driveway), I got up to answer it. Out on the porch there stood a young woman, probably in her 20s, who seemed very nervous. I asked what she needed and she hesitantly told me that she was being followed by someone who was going to kill her and if I would mind trading clothes with her. Immediately tense (I have a very compassionate streak which cannot seem to ignore those in need), I quickly ran and got her some crud-clothes which I keep in a drawer and don't really use. After I handed them to her, she still seemed very edgy and the next thing I knew I was asking her if she wanted to step inside for a moment. (Yes, I know, I'm a moron! But I couldn't help it!) She gratefully accepted and came in, switching her clothes and borrowing a pair of scissors to cut her hair. My mother came out at that time and got very angry with me for allowing her in (which I do not blame her a bit for). She furiously whispered to me that, if someone was coming after her, then didn't it stand to reason they would kill us to get to her? Thoroughly on edge (I'm so stupid...) I held the rosary that my grandmother had given me for courage and forced a smile when the young woman came back from the bathroom. She asked if I would call her a taxi, which I began to do. She noticed that I was grasping the rosary, but didn't say anything besides if it was oK with me if she lowered the lights. Not having a phonebook handy, I nodded as I got online to search for the taxi. Oddly enough, before I could dial it on my cellphone, she told me that she had changed her mind and only wished a moment to think. I hung up the phone and she sat in the kitchen for a moment. Next thing I knew, she was out the door and running as fast as she could down the street. She didn't take anything from my house, in fact leaving her old clothes behind, and I thought it was over. Nope. My mother began to scold me and her fiance called the police, who by that time had received seven calls about the strange woman and already had her in custody. They told me upon arrival that she was a nut-job and that I should never open my home to anyone I didn't know. I already knew that, but my logic seemed to have vanish at the time; I wanted so much to help her. Anyway, I am never allowing that to happen again. Thank God there doesn't seem to be any serious consequences so far, besides the fact I'm no longer allowed to open the door, and that my mother says she doesn't trust me with my little brother's life anymore. That last one really hurt, but it's what I get I suppose. *shudder* I don't know why the woman was out there, or if anyone was actually trying to kill her (she swore up and down to the police that she had to get far way), but at least she's away from it; hopefully, she'll stay away from us.