update on Pop
So, yes, Pop has GVHD. It was confirmed on Thursday. We talk at least a couple times a day. I had spoken to him that morning, and asked him to call me when the biopsy results were back. After I finished seeing patients, I checked my messages, and his simply said, "you'd better give me a call" and I knew the news wasn't good. I tried to call and it was busy, so I drove straight there. His spirits were still amazingly good, and he didn't seem to consider it "bad news". The way he sees it, this is a complication, and with some GVHD, there is an increased chance of a positive graft vs. myeloma effect, and a better chance of remission. Now they know what they're dealing with and they can handle it appropriately... He's in the best place he could be, etc. His overriding emotion is gratefulness. "The alternative is to die of multiple myeloma, " he says. I'm still pissed he has to deal with all of this.

His creatinine and BUN levels have continued to rise, indicating kidney damage, and his blood pressure has gone up as well. On Saturday, I took Levi to see him and they watched "The Incredibles" together. They came to take his vitals just before we left, and his BP had gone up to 170/100, the highest yet. Of course this really scared Ma, and made her worry about him having another stroke. The nephrologist came to see him and discuss their strategy. They decided to stop his cyclosporin, which is a drug to fight the GVHD, and start him on some BP meds. On Sunday it went up even higher to 190/130, which really freaked Ma out, but eventually the meds kicked in and now it's back down in normal range. His BUN and creatinine are still high, and they are talking about dialysis. They think it's a combination of the chemo, the myeloma, and the cyclosporin that have damaged his kidneys, and hope the damage is reversible.  If not, the dialysis may be long term. I'd gladly give him a kidney, but they won't do a transplant unless the myeloma is completely gone. He has another bone marrow biopsy tomorrow...