
sometimes i get so sad and i have no idea why.  i wish i could explain it but i guess it's just a lot of things that i don't like to say sometimes.  i wish i had the nerve to always say what i felt but i guess that's just how i am.  keep things inside until i can't handle it anymore or whatever.  good going toni ann, what a winner.  i hate how i can be overly sensitive about certain things and make people who i love the most constantly worried about me or get sad or think i'm insanely weird or crazy.  i'm about to cry just sitting here, and i don't know why i'm like this.  i guess i have reasons, but i think sometimes i get overly paranoid about stupid things and i think way too much and i wish i had someone so real here, a girl for that matter who i can actually talk to and always confide in but instead i'm left with insane partiers and prudes.  i kind of wish college was over at this point and i can just get on with life and work and get married and all that fun stuff.  tonight, i got together with this girl in my lab group and was upset because instead of asking me for help like she said she wanted, she copied all of my hard work.  all of it.  graphs and everything which took me hours to complete on my fucking own.  i do things by myself because i can't learn at slow paces and i don't know if this benefits me or is a downfall of mine.  i wish there were more hours in the day where i could go over chem more.  i feel like a loser for saying that but some things i am just so interested in and wish i could doubletriple major or whatever.  i don't have the time or money however.  instead i'll sit here and work so hard and not say anything when people copy my hours worth of work for their benefit and call me everytime they need help with a hw problem or some bullshit.  i hate also how i get so sad over the dumbest reasons, things i know i shouldn't be sad about but i do anyway and i don't know why.  i wish i could get over my fucking insecurities and be the person i want to be 100 percent of the time but instead i'll just think about it and drown myself in this and try not to push away those i want closest to me now and always.  i swear i'm not like this, i'm fucking not.  why am i crying.  something is wrong but i don't know what somebody please tell me.



i cut my finger with my razor last week on accident.  i almost passed out, fun fun.  oh yeah, we were watching a video on brain surgery last week in class and almost passed out for a second time.  i need to get over this fucking phobia as well.  what a pussy