The Day Before.....
The day before a major surgery is not always easy - I'm off from work today, took a floating holiday and thought I would be calm, relaxed, focused, etc.  Instead, my neck and shoulder muscles are all knotted up, and I keep having pictures running through my mind of that moment when I'm laying on the operating table - here's the scenario as played in my mind:  I am laying flat on my back squinting as the bright lights on the operating room ceiling shine, blinding me with their brilliance.  There are approximately 4 - 5 operating staff (is that what they are called?) swarming around me like busy bees.  One has a long (I mean lonnnnggg) dripping syringe in their hands, ready to plunge it into my arm (in reality, an IV is inserted with the proper sleep medication) - I scream and writhe in pain - pure torture, then suddenly everything goes black - I'm falling into the deep abyss of unconciousness.

I awake a few hours later - two nurses who are supposed to be monitoring me are talking about the Home and Garden Channel (my favorite channel btw).  I start coughing, then slowly open my eyes.  The post-surgery recovery room is ice cold and my stomach hurts.  I lay there for another hour, then am finally transferred to my room.  There are fresh cut roses in a crystal vase, my pajamas are folded neatly at the foot of the bed, my slippers are on the floor - there is a crystal decanter filled with ice water and sliced lemons, a box of chocolates lay on a dainty paper doily on the nightstand, magazines, the TV guide and the current newspaper are all within reach.  The hospital menu, phone numbers, and a box of tissue are also on the bedside table.  Two nurses help me into my pajamas, bring me my pain meds. and I'm oblivious for the rest of the day until.....American Idol at 7:00 PM that night.  I suffer, through the pain, holding off on taking more pain meds until my show is over, then buzz for the nurse - after taking two enormous pain pills - the strongest dose humanly possible, I slide back into oblivion - well, will update with the real version sometime next weekend after I arrive home.  CKK