The "Situation"
Well, nothing is really better.  Maybe time will tell.  We sat in the living room for a while this evening, watching my Grey's Anatomy DVD.  Not a word was exchanged the entire evening.  Actually, not a word has been spoken since Saturday night.

I'm almost afraid.  

Most of the time I think I come across as confrontational.  I don't mind standing up for what I believe in, and if I have a problem with something I'm not afraid to let people know.  However, there is a fine line between being a nice confrontational person and someone who is in your face about everything.  I am the former.  Therefore, I am finding it extremely difficult to broach the topic of the missing money.  

Should I?  Should I wait for a while?  Should I see if she approaches me?  Should I disregard the whole situation and pretend like nothing happened, in the hopes that her and her sister will get over it?  Should I talk to her about it now?  What will happen?  Is she secretly planning on bailing out of our lease because she feels like she can't trust me?

I don't know.  I'm at a loss.  I feel helpless.  I feel disallusioned about my hopes of coming to Sam and finding a roommate that I get along with so well that we keep in touch long after graduation and are in each others' weddings.  I don't think that's going to happen.  Not at this rate, anyway.  

The worst part of it is, I'm paying for half of this apartment, and I'd like to feel comfortable living here again!!  Man.  I drove all the way to Conroe today and wandered around Target for two hours just to get away for a while.  Didn't help, but I did pick up Grey's Anatomy and some make-up.  

I sort of feel like since I'm the one being wrongly accused, she owes me an apology and I shouldn't have to make any effort until then.  But maybe that's a little prideful and childish.  

Being an adult with real life problems and responsibilities sucks.  It makes me want to revert to the good old days of climbing trees with the neighborhood boys and dressing up in my mothers' old night gowns.