as the faitful day approches i realize more and more that i fear change
well tomorrow i start my first day of work. i will be working at vancouver toyota and rv center, i will be the guy that washes the rv's and maintains the apearance of the lot and office. im going to be a janitor in a manor of speaking. i have realized that i fear change the closer that tomorrow comes, maybe its not so much that i dont want to work because i do, but i fear that i wont be able to do the job up to par, or wont be able to afford insurance to be able to drive to and from the job, since i will have to save for a month and a half to just afford insurance, not to mention i need to buy a car or fix mine but again that takes money that i cant afford to be spending, and my job is going to require me to be able to drive and go pick up parts from portland a couple of times a week. all that i really want is to be able to do is do the job with confidence and know that i will be doing a good job, but unfortunatly i dont feel like that and i have doubts that i will do the job good enough.


also i got an e-mail from my ex-girlfriend a couple of days ago, it wasnt specificly to me but was to all of the people on her contacts list. but im sorta unsure what to think or what to do with it, should i tell off and tell her i dont ever want to speak to her again, or do i try to bury the hatchet and become friends again? im not really sure what to do, she broke up with me in a letter that also said that she still wanted to be friends and after that she sorta tried to avoid me, one time she wanted to hang out after school but i didn't really want to talk to her or see her, but i did it anyway, but i didn't talk to her durring the whole time we were hanging out, since then i havent seen or heard from her anymore than a couple of e-mails here and there addressed to all of her contacts, this time i feel like i want to burry the hatchet, but there is still a small part of me that wants to tell her off and say fuck you. but in her last e-mail she said she is moving and i really dont want to have any bad feelings between us because im over it and i figure that i wont ever get another chance, so who knows. just not sure what to do with everything. i really wished that i would have been more responsable in my past and maybe i wouldnt be this way, and i wouldnt be stuck in this rut, i just wished i could get stuck in a coma for the next 4 years hell just to be safe lets make it 5 years, because at that point i would have a better chance with getting a good job and i could afford my insurance and a vehicle, plus i could afford some comfort and probably some place to live on my own.