I just want my dog back!
I'm going crazy. I've been having nightmares ever since I got the dogs a year and a half ago. They don't happen often, but when they do, it is so disturbing. It starts out some random bunch of things making up a typical dream. Then, at some point I take the dogs out on a walk. Then it gets unpleasant. Either a gang of burly mexicans attack me and steal the dogs by force, or one, or both run out of my reach and someone swoops them into thier car and drives away. 

Then the worst happens. The dream doesn't end. I go in search of them in epic ways, the whole time knowing that the longer I don't have them, the worse off they are. In some dreams the ending is included. After days of trying to sneak into the mexican dog theft gang's hide out, during an unrealated drug bust I run into the back room to find both Duncan and Dolly on some cold metal operating table after being used to make hundreds of puppy mill dogs and their just barely alive, and I wake up as thier little fish-stick tails give thier last wag!!! IT's HORRIBLE!

Tonight, I woke up in tears after another sinario. In this one, Duncan got too far away from me and someone swooped him up in thier car and sped away. The worst is that I had really taken his collar off tonight before bed to scratch his neck and he didn't have it back on in the dream! I find a posting for a lost dog and call. I described him to a tee and the person said "looks like we've got your dog. Now how much is the reward?" I don't have any money, so I said it. Then he said "opps looks like we don't got your dog Bitch!" and hung up!!!!! That's when I wake up. In a panic. I checked to make sure Duncan's still there, he is. 

I think being soley responsible for these two very important members of my family is taking it's toll. Yes I did a magazine spread project on Dognapping recently, but that didn't come before these dreams. Gaaaa! Well at least while I've typed this, the dream is becoming less and less real. But seriosuly, I don't think I can take too many more months of these dreams. Is it safe to go back to sleep yet?