
ok, so i'm home and extremely happy to be here...and i thought i had been having oodles of fun at tulane, but it turns out...maybe i'm not. when i'm there i keep busy and go out and drink a lot, but that is basically my social life there.  i'm not loving the classes, the city is still in REALLY bad shape, and although mardi gras was amazing, everything else has been sort of underwhelming.  i love my friends and the sorority and stuff, but it's all so different from how i had imagined it to be...and i find myself depressed a lot. even looking back at old livejournal entries, it's pretty bad. i've been in NOLA for 8 weeks, and 6 out of those, i have been sick, sick enough to be medicate, feeling bad, and missing class.  and that isn't helping anything, so i'm really not doing very well in that respect either.  and then there's the family stuff.  my grandparents have declined so fast that i know they don't have much time left at all and that completely terrifies me.  i think a/b them everyday at school, and always answer when my parents call holding my breath b/c i'm worried that it is "the call".  i found out right b/f i came home that they were so bad that they couldn't live in their house anymore and the day i came home, they moved into a nursing home, where they require even more care.  and all this stress is killing my parents as well.  i feel so helpless and out of touch with them all that it breaks my heart and all i want to do is stay here and do something...ANYTHING!!!!! anything to help or to at least not add to the hurt or something.  when i come home i realize the bubble i live in there and how i'm only sort of pretend happy.  there's so much real drama going on that i just want to stay. and it's so hard. i have to go see them tomorrow and that scares me as well. i don't exactly know why, but it does.  i need the people i love and that know me the best with me all the time. i'm strong enough to do all this so far away on my own.  what if i did make a mistake in going back? what do i do?