
I failed, nd i am a failure. I cant belive it, i failed.... IM thinkin bout dropping out of college all together, cause i just cant take the stress anymore, loads of people are gettin on top of me!!  but i get hugs, and stuff  and things seem so much easier, sounds stupid i knw.

I had a dream last nite, it was something to do with the song im listenin to now 'disintergration' by jimmy eat worl ' wonder y im so caught of guard wen we kiss, rather live my life in regret than do this,what happened to the love we both knew, we both chased,hanging on a cigraette, u need me, u burn me'  it was like a stage, nd some people were singing it in a bar, nd i got up, and next mintue im screaming it, im singing on the stage, but im screaming it,.. crying, lashing out and everything, everyone was cheering, it was soo swerid, ive never eva had a dream like that or anything.Richard was in the corner, trying to calm me down, sarah was screaming atme, but like.. as if she knew how i felt.My sis was even their, and she was also trying to calm me down, to bring me off the stage, but i couldnt leave it, i was screaming out lyrics from other songs aswell. Nobody's Home.. and the bit she is screaming, erm,...' the fear as she hides, her dreams she cant find, shes losing her mind, shes fallen behind, she cant find her place, shes losing her faith, shes fallen from grace she's all over the place' I was screaming that in the car the other day, no joke well trying to sing, but i love tht bit soo much i was screamin it.lol, i reali was, nd i was crying nd screaming it, in my dream. In my dream, i was also singing just lke a pill by pink too.
 All the songs basically that i love to try to sing with (lol) but instead end up screming, nd thinkin bout the song afterwards, i was screaming nd crying nd lashing bout on the stage. Nd i felt so much better with my self wen i woke up, it was like a stress relief for me, asif the weight has been lifted from my head, the emotions are gone.

Oh well,.. i went out yesterday shopping cause gues who is in town BYRIN!!! WOO!!!! He is mint, nd he rules. and he is byrin!!!! yey! Im goin out with him and others tonite, hopeefully heather is still comin out, if not i have my other bezzy rachel out with me :)

Im still reali down bout myself, never been this down and siaapointed inmyself for a very good long time, nd u knw wat, im scared, im reali reali scared :'(