CrossRoads
It seems to me that everyone comes to a cross road in their life, and I believe I am about to embark on one. It may change everything, it may not even happen all I know is that next year I dont know where I'm going to be, where I'm going to live specifically. Here at University we had to reapply for residence and there were only 300 spaces available for returning students. Because of the larger number of students applying there was a lottery held either accepting people or placing them on the wait list. Me and my current room mates, whom I was planning to live with next year have all be placed on the WAIT LIST. So at the moment I will be homeless next year. Now we've already scheduled a viewing of a place off of rez for tuesday and if everything goes our way (for once in my life) and we decided to try and get it we could end up paying less than if we were going for rez. The fact still remains that I know many people who all got into rez. I know that many people applied just incase their alternate housing fell though and I may be able to still get in but the fact that I am 42nd on the list is not one of comfort. So I very well may have to find a place to live, hopefully with my current roomies, considering we are all in the same situation (except the fact that they are all higher on the list than I am). There are many people who I dont think should have gotten into rez because of marks getting in and its just so damn unfair. The uncertainty scares the hell outta me. It doesn't help that some people on MSN blair out their good news of NOT being homeless, it pisses me off, I know it shouldn't but it does because they got damn lucky, they could have been in my position now, I have no job, no inflow of money, my parents don't have a hell of alot of money either and they are totally freaked about this too. They more I think about this the scarier it all seems and the more upset and terrified I get. But, I supose I should look at it a different way, if I can find a place with my roomies than the one in the same year as I could stay there for every year and we wouldn't have to worry about this situation again. So perhaps this situation isn't all bad but scary, but thats life right, one scarry as hell ride, I've learned this at 18 and find myself glad that I am feel ready to face any challenge, I went straight into problem solving mode yesterday when I found out and found a bunch of places. But still the thought of not having a place to stay scares me like nothing else.

So wish me luck and hope that I find a place to live well Later Days (P.S. I shall tell you all about tonights formal later)