
incredibly horrible. i hate depressing everyone else. but i just feel awful everyday. it's getting to the scary point for me, but i don't want anyone to worry about it that much because in my opinion, everyone overreacts. i'm starting to truly believe there is no hope for me in medication land, and since the last week seems like my personal hell, for no reason, i don't know if i'm going to make it. i hate to tell my friends this because they'll run. i can't afford to lose the few friends i have left. i've pretty much stopped talking to everyone, even though i wish i didn't, but i have no energy to call or write or anything. and how can a person feel so much pain and feel so numb at the same time? i wish everyone who i love could just drop what they are doing and come help me right now. but everyone has obligations up the ass and i'd just be another one added to the list. 

and on another note, i miss matt so so so much. i miss hugging him and all the fun we had together when i didn't turn into psycho bitch. we laughed all the time... he was one of the few people left who could make me laugh anymore. my depression ruined our relationship... i love him dearly and i always will, even if he never speaks to me again. there are very few people i've known that i feel that way about. i can't believe what a horrible person i am for how much i hurt him. i don't even know why i did it. he's the last person on earth i wanted to hurt, and i hurt him worst of anyone i've ever known. 

maybe it's like, when i find someone i feel i can trust, i start acting out to get their attention in other ways, screaming for help because i'm so lost at what to do, and they i end up worse off because they leave and get scared or mad or hurt. 

i really wish someone could help me. i remember watching gilmore girls and paris had a "life coach" and i wish my parents were rich so i could have a therapist i could see like every day for an hour or two. i'm thinking i might need to do that and take out massive loans, just so i can regain my health. it would be worth it. maybe.