"It's about coroporate control over seeds, and ultimatly our food supply."
I find this chilling. There's a new crop of genetically modified soybeans out there that have been designed to be sterile, and to last only one generation so that farmers have to rebuy seed from the company every year, rather than saving seed over the winter the way it's been done for thousands of years. Just like in All the Tea in China.

The newspaper article went on to say that there are more "dangerous" experiments involving plants out in the scientific world: plants are being bred to carry pharmacuticals, growth hormone, and vaccines. Maybe one day organs. Just like in Transplant.

I'm not saying that I predicted this, but I find the way that I keep running across articles about genetically modified food frightening, simply because of imaginary companies like M-Gen who left colonies to starve because they couldn't afford to buy seed for the next year. What about the small-time farmers in third world countries? So far their governments have managed to keep (most) genetically modified crops out, but with a world market flooded with genetically modified crops from Canada, Australia, and the United States, crops that are more reliable and fail-safe, how can they compete? There is an organic market out there, but it's priced for those people who are financially able to make a choice, and the largest percentage of the population isn't able to do that. When regular eggs cost $1.50 and organic are $4.50, what are you going to buy when you're already in debt, or limp along with only a few dollars in the bank account until the end of the month? There is no choice, although many of the companies (such as Syngenta and DuPont - M-gen and Tri-Mark?) insist there is. It's a false choice, a willow-the-wisp choice. It's a big, fat, dirty lie.

And what happens with cross-contamination? There was a farmer in Saskatchewan who was sued by Monsanto when his fields were cross-contaminated by his neighbour's GM seed, and Monsanto said that he'd stolen their intellectual property. The newspaper article raises an interesting point about the sterility trait - is it expressed 100% of the time, consistantly? Because if it's not, then there is every possibility of a fertile plant with sterility as a recessive gene cross-pollinating into the natural environment, or into a neighbour's field, reducing fertility in the plant that it comes in contact with.

The final paragraph of the newspaper article was this:

"In the future," she warns, "a handful of companies could be controlling the entire seed supply of all crops via vehicles such as terminator.

"The implications are absolutely staggering."

Well, fuck me, but wasn't that my starting point for writing All the Tea in China and Transplant? My own vision of the future is coming back to haunt me, and please excuse me, but I hope I'm well and truly dead before it happens, but it doesn't seem like anyone's stepping up to the plate to stop it.