More on My Past.
Today was rather unusual. I felt completely elated at school for no apparant reason. This is something that never happens. During study I went online in the computer lab and went to this website. I have come to the conclusion that the new My Little Ponies are nowhere near as good as the old My Little Pony's and I'm upset by this. Where am I supposed to find an authentic My Little Pony? I don't want one of the crappy new ones. And, I'm appalled by the prices. Fifteen dollars for a plastic pony? C'mon now! I was feeling so giddy, that I even decided to go the spanish NHS inductee meeting after school today and I decided to join as well. I hope I don't end up regreting this, but at least it's a lot less work than regular NHS.
Nevermind that, during the ride home I began to think about my past (I'm doing a lot of that lately) and my pleasant mood suddenly dissipated. During that ride, I came to the conclusion that I have very, very few fond memories. The vast majority of my memories are of being abused and raped. I tried to think about kindergarden and all I could remember was my grandfather and all the pain I experienced during that time. I tried to remember elementary school, but I could think of nothing but my neighbor and my mother's boyfriend and the man who tried to kidnap. There were a couple of other things that I could remember, but they didn't seem to fit in anywhere amongst all the violence.
Next, I tried thinking about middle school. I tried to remember what school was like. Did I have any friends at all? What was I like back then? What did I like to do? Did I like anything at all? I don't know the answer to any of those questions, because to be perfectly honest, I CAN NOT remember! The only memories I have from middle school are of being raped. I can't remember anything else, nothing at all. 
Then I remembered some things about my rapes that I hadn't previously remembered, some very disturbing things that I'm not ready to write about here just yet. Actually, I've realized that I haven't talked much about my grandfather or my neighbor on this journal. I've talked about them here and there, but I haven't really gone into much detail. I've already done that once and I don't think I'll be ready to do that again anytime in the near future. I feel sick and I feel so dirty right now, I just want to go take a shower and scrub myself for hours or maybe go lay down...but I have a fucking government project due tomorrow so I can't. I feel like my brain is going to explode with all these thoughts and I'm feeling very afraid and alone at the moment.