
Well as of today I am 21. Not that I care one way or the other. My mind is on other things so much these days. Like what to do when it comes to my Jay. I mean look where we stand, I am trying as hard as I can to go to school there with him. Once I get there i have to work my ass off to do great in school, if for no other reason then I do not need to give Jay's parents any more reason then they have now not to like me. I mean hell I am a white girl as it is, or maybe you could look at it as I am not Indian. Oh I don't know, all i do know is I love Jay more then any thing and I do not ever want to lose him. They know about me now but I am not sure how much they really understand. I know they are not happy but I do think that they may give me a chance. I hope to God they do. Of course when they meet my parents I fear any good mark I have left will no longer be of any help to me. I love Jay and Jay loves me, why can't that be all that matters?
Why does it matter if he is Indian or I am white or what ever. Hell I could careless what Jay is just as long as he is Jay. Oh, and then my dad hates Jay already. He calls him mean names and then I end up fighting with him. Then my mom's boyfriend has to tell me all the time that there are all kinds of great white guys here ect,. To tell the truth I am so sick of hearing it. I only what to know one thing. Why does it matter what color someones skin is or where they come from? They way I see it the only thing that should matter is that we love each other and that we will be good for each other. Sadly no matter how it all ends up I fear Jay and I will never have it easy. Jay is the love of my life, he is perfect. I mean we can talk about everything and he understands things so well. He deals with all my craziness and still loves me regardless of all my flaws and short comings. I love him so much it hurts sometimes. I hate the days that I can not talk to him. Hell the days that I don't get to talk to him I go crazy. All I know is that I will fight with all I am and I won't let go till I am dead.

Oh, by the way....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!

Care Bear of the day: Birthday Bear