some more
i am wondering if i should see a counselor.  i want to know if this is something that i am using to try and cover up something else, or if i really would be happier with a different mate.  i don't want to tell him because he has this way of convincing me otherwise.  if i had wanted to leave him even during the first week, i know he would have been able to convince me to stay.  i think that's why i have never left.  i have always told him that he could sell the devil fire insurance then convince him to burn down hell.  
i have been really frustrated lately.  i have no friends, no extracurricular activities, all i do here is housework and get on the net.  it is boring here in england.  i am not saying england is boring, i am saying the town i live in and the surroundings are.  i haven't told anyone any of these things.  i am really trying to convince myself that everything is fine.  i am so incredibly depressed.  the bad part is that i have planned out what i would do if i left.  i have a position waiting for me back at t-mobile.  i have many friends in boise that would help me out.  my grandmother would help me if i asked.  i am afraid of what i would say if we did get divorced.  "it turns out, i am a lesbian"  "we have irreconcilable differences" to which someone would automatically think, "who's found out they're gay?"  other things that bother me are that i have gained so much weight since we met, i don't feel sexy anymore unless a woman tells me i am.  and i have never had a fantasy about a man.  i would tell people (if they asked) that a certain fantasy would feature a tall dark and handsome man, when in fact it featured a medium build, porcelain, goddess.  my husband gets aroused all the time.  i am not interested in sex at all lately.  he carresed me today with his rough stained hands and i almost shuddered, i feel so horrible.  i don't know how i would ever tell him.  i don't know how he would react.  it seems like he almost knows sometimes, like just about twenty minutes ago.  he walked in and out of my office three times.  with this weird smile on his face like he thought i was mad.  god i just want to start smoking to take the edge off.  but i know that if i start i will never quit.  there is a huge history of alcoholics in my family and i can feel the pull of that too.  i am terrified of driving after i have had any alcohol, so that will keep me in check for a while.  sometimes though i find myself forgetting that i have had a drink and thinking about going somewhere, or forgetting i have to be somewhere soon and wanting a drink.  i feel like dirt.