babbling, complaining, gloating, happiness, and misery.
I'm really unhappy as of late and I'm really tired of my entire family being broke. I want to go to Charleston for Spring Break but I feel like an ass asking for money. It doesn't even matter because the plans keep falling through over and over again. I'm ready to just say FUCK IT. I got my Nintendo back from my Dad, but I left my power cords over at Benny's immediatly. I don't miss being in love but I do believe that I miss being loved. I'm not really worth anyone's time anymore on any level higher than a friendship. At first I thought it was what I wanted but, no, it's not. There's a lot of bickering between my friends and goddamnit why can't everyone just get along. I can't even escape from the animosity in my house because it's everywhere around me now. I'm scared I'm going to fail English, even though I've spent the last few hours making up all the work I was missing. Mrs. Green is so much BULLSHIT. Jesus Christ, I hate cussing but I've been doing a lot of it lately. I think Daniel is being a better friend than anyone right now. Even though he's so judgemental. I keep finding myself very dissapointed in people's decisions, but I have no place to say anything to them about it so I just stay hush. I've found a couple boys that I like but they're just as shitty as I am. Some of them kiss me on Friday and then go pick up drunken little girls and I hate them for it. I'm pretty sure Shannon made me fall in love with the moon on Friday night though. I found peace in myself for a moment as it held my hand and kept me warm whilst walking down the street. I can draw a cute tree now. I need someone to hold me while I cry so I can stop holding my crying back. The pressure hurts behind my eyes. Another boy is such a hypocrite and I wish he would stop crawling under my skin and getting my other friends bent up about him. DAMN him and his charming hermit self. Then again there is Mr. Sweetface and I'd like to curl up and go to sleep with him again. I need a job really bad at a place where I can be happy. In fact, I just need to be happy.

Oh, and I changed my layout on here &it pretty much matches my myspace profile. Cause I'm lame.