That's sweet. I think i have to go throw up now
Maura and i were hanging out in her room and all of a sudden i heard a knock on the door. I just knew it was my sketchy neigh boor Dave coming over to kill us because the day i got home from florida last week, he knew i was alone. I talked to him earlier that day so he knew. Well, he came over banging on the door screaming at me to let him in. He was really drunk and he wouldn't take no for an answer. So he banged harder and was cussing at me. It scared the shit out of me.He persisted for 10 minutes. Finally he stormed down the stairs and i was so freaked out that i called my new friend Crosby to come over when they got in town. He was still far away so i had to sneak out my back door to my car and drive away. Luckily he didn't catch me. I was so scared though. I swear he would have raped me if i let him in. So anyways, i stayed out and hung with some friends for a few hours and then i went back home. Everything seemed fine, but crosby ended up coming over and staying the night with me. That made me feel better. He supposedly got locked out of his friends house and needed a place to stay, but i don't care either way. At least i had a strong guy to be here to protect me. So after all that, i am so scared of David. He keeps calling me and i won't answer. That's why i thought it was him at the door. I didn't have a knife or anything so i hid in maura's closet. Our doors were unlocked so we were completely defenseless. Maura got out her pepper spray. I grabbed a hanger thinking i could hit him with it. Basically we were shit out of luck. So maura called her boyfriend to see if he was here and he wasn't. The knocking wouldn't go away! We were absolutely terrified! Juley started barking at the door and then maura heard it over her phone. Finally we figured out that it was michael. He was there to surprise maura with a card and a rose. It was really sweet but it scared the shit out of me! And that was the scare of my whole year here!! I may think twice about ever living alone. Damn you michael