Scary Thoughts
I don't know what's going on or what's really being said or implied... maybe Mistress is right and I am reading too much into Her words.  When She says She has things to think about or concerns, I assume it is something negative about Me or something that I have done to break or damage trust or hurt the relationship bond we are trying to build.  Maybe the time away has made me very paranoid and suspicious?  

One thing that concerns Her and me is the medication situation I am on.  I am confused, She is confused and it is clear that I am getting mixed messages and instructions from my psychiatrist- where maybe I am getting the wrong medications!  On one side, the psychiatrist tells me to take 2 mg of Paxil and Zoloft each day... or he tells me to take the Paxil only if I feel an anxiety attack coming on- which doesn't make sense at all to Mistress who did some research and saw that you are not supposed to take both these pills together ever- it is very problematic or dangerous.  Did I get the wrong prescriptions?
My therapist at school doesn't have the training or information to make informed decisions on these medications- she deals in counseling and therapy not pharmaceuticals.  I called and left a message with the psyhiatrist's office right away to schedule an appointment- if something got botched up, we need to fix it ASAP!  

Though I have to wonder why so many mix-ups?  Since late December I have been taking these medications at the weakest dosages... sometimes only the Paxil and sometimes both Paxil and Zoloft... sometimes only Zoloft and no Paxil... it is very unsusual.  Do psychiatrists adjust the medication requirements like that?  Or is he trying to determine which one is more suitable for my needs?
One is definitely for Depression and the other for social anxiety.  He might be trying to figure out which will help the most?  Well it sounds dangerous now that Mistress told me what She found out.  

If I had my way, I'd stop taking the pills outright and just stick to therapy which seems to be doing very well for me.

I hope it all works out in the end- I am trying to just calm down now.

Love always Robyne