Man In The Corner
This is probably the strangest thing to ever happen to me. I know most of you would probably think I'm crazy right now, unless you truly know me that is. I woke up a few moments ago, and I could not move any part of my body. I felt like someone, or something was holding me down. I felt extremely cold, and tried to call for my parents, or Ali, and no sound came out. When I opened my eye's and looked around my room, I could have sworn someone was standing in the corner of my room, just watching me. I tried to get a good look, and all I could see what the outline of a man, just watching me. I got really scared, and suddenly felt this wave of extreme sadness wash over me. It felt so sad, I couldn't help but cry. I closed my eye's and kept crying, and tried to speak again, but the only words that came out of my mouth were "leave" and I kept saying it over and over again. I started shaking, and when I opened my eye's, the figure was gone, and I could move again. I ran to my parents room, and literally started pounding on the door despite the fact it was 4 in the morning. I told my dad what happened, and he told me that when something like that happens, it's not a good thing. According to him, someone was trying to send an evil spirit after the family to hurt us, and since I seem to be the only one in the family who can see them, he was drawn to me because of the ability I have, and the fact that I am so kind and gentle. I got really scared, and my dad said that he was probably trying to hurt us, but because I am stronger than people think I am, nothing happened and I woke up in the middle of him trying to do whatever it was he was trying to do. As soon as he said that, Ali ran to us and said she had a bad dream and was really sick. My dad said that it probably made Ali sick, but because I woke up he couldn't do anything to me or the rest of the family. Ali's ok now, but we're all a little freaked out. My mom seems to think that everything that happened last night with them fighting, and this spirit in my room are all connected. My parents agree that the only person who could do something like that is my dad's ex wife, Martha, who virtually hates us all cause he know's how happy my dad is now. So I'm a little scared now, but I'll be alright I suppose. I have my trusty cross with me, and I now I'm wide awake. So I figured I would just watch some movies or something. Oh well, what can you do right?