
What makes people so afraid of rejection? I mean, I understand that it hurts and it's a blow to the ego and all that but seriously, because of said fear I'm thinking of doing something really stupid.... Stop talking to Raj. I've tried and tried to tell him that I'm overweight, can be moody and mean and all he keeps saying is that it doesn't matter to him. He told me that as long as I have a beautiful heart, then I'm beautiful. And he's said that he can deal with my moodyness. I guess my biggest fear is that he's going to see me and decide that I'm not what he thought I was. I try and try to tell him that I'm not always such a sweet person and he just doesn't believe it. I'm afraid that the first time I get angry with him, he's going to turn tail and run and leave me with a broken heart. I know I'm just being a normal, insecure person and that I will never, ever stop talking to Raj, he's going to have to stop talking to me to get rid of me but I'm still... I guess I'm wiggin out. We are so different. He's from India, I'm from the US. He's Hindu, I'm still not sure what religion I am. We still have a bit of a language problem, although it's alot better then what it was 4 years ago. 

I know that all of my problems with this are in me and I will work through this myself. Dusty just said something to me that really struck me, Well ya gotta do what makes ya happy. What makes me happy? I have no idea what makes me happy. NOT ONE FUCKING CLUE! I don't know who I am. How can I be with someone if I have no fucking clue who I am? How can I love someone when I don't love ME? Why is it that I can write all of this down but when it comes down to saying it out loud, I'm screaming and crying. Or I just don't say it at all? Why do I keep this shit bottled up inside? Why do I see it as a sign of weakness to admit out loud that I have weaknesses? Why do I keep writing down all of these questions when I know that no one has the answers? Why did I let myself get this way? It's all my fault that I'm this way, all my fault that I'm in this rut. Although I did apply to National City and even sent my resume to Toysa, so she can submit my resume internally, she works there. Why haven't I heard anything from them? 

I really hope that my paycheck is big enough to pay all of my bills. I'm going to stop typing now, I think I've said everything that I wanted to say.