It's killing me
I want to say yes, but I know that will hurt her. At this point I feel like  I need to stop thinking about it before I go insane. Things should never have to be this hard. The more I think about it the more I know I want to be with him, the more I know how much I'll hurt her, the more I realize that I'm screwed. I wish he would just call me. I don't know why but I got this sudden fear about him realizing that  he doesn't like me anymore. That's when I realize that I do want to say yes. I realized on Friday that Mystery Person X is no longer a factor so I only had 2 people to worry about. It turns out that Ferny is mad at me too. It goes back up to three. How am I suppose to please everybody and not think about myself. Even if I didn't think about myself I would still be hurting him and inthe long run myself. She said that if I was with him she would stop talking to me for a while until she was more stable and coherent. Why does it have to be like that? I'm always putting myself in other peopl's shoes so that I can know how I will affect everyone around me. Why can't she do that? I know that she tries but it's just not the same. She thinks/thought that I'm clueless and inconsiderate about the position that she is in. I'm not stupid. If I wasn't aware than this would be so mush easier. She needs to realize that the world hasn't forgotten about her and hates her it's just different circumstances. If/ When she reads this I'd like her to know that I love her very much and I wouldn't let anything/one kill our friendship. Of course things will be different but that is inevitable, but the quality and substance of our friendship has no reason to decrease. I don't know what I'll do if I wnd up hurting all of them. The weird thing about all of this is that he has no idea. He is not aware of everyting that has been happening for the past week. He isn't even aware that I know. I hope he decides to tell me on Monday  because I don't know how much longer I can take being idle. I need something to happen. I just hope that a month from now, things won't be so hard and people won't be so hurt. I don't want to be the cause of a disaster.