
nature is cruel, even if death is necessary.  it is aching to watch someone die and know that both sides are completely helpless.  his eye has constant twitch, he is unable to stand without immediately shaking and falling back down. his head is tilted involuntarily to the floor.  his feet are spasmic, and his heart is rattling erraticly, as though it were vibrating inside his chest. his entire body and stance are becoming irreversibly crooked.  these are all familiar signs of approaching death.  i had four guinea pigs and some other small rodents in my past.  della, the eldest female, was found died with her head pressed into a pile of bedding in the corner.  i believe that she suffocated herself in desparation. otis, the boy guinea pig, that would sit on my stomache for hours and sway delicately back and forth, cooing softly and purring when i touched his forehead, died after a few agonizing days on his side, immobile and unable to eat or drink. flea, the young girl guinea pig, developed a horrendous skin condition that caused her to crack and bleed all over, occasionally letting loose a chunk of dried infection, at first i would regularly wash her and apply ointment.  she would scream in a raspy voice, eventually i had to stop this cleaning ritual because it was too painful for her, soon thereafter she died in an upright position that she had not moved from in a few days.  the last guinea pig developed and severe case of fleas which eventually killed her.  i still remember how flea's skin smelt and how warm otis was. i can clearly remember each of their voices.  i had a hamster that would climb the top of the cage with it's feet dangling beneath him, his name was teedo and i do not remember why, he developed a severe eye infection that killed him after he went blind and was unable to eat.  this dog is a beautiful creature, he loved and understood me, and i will never forget that.  i am terrified that will be truly alone when he dies, completely isolated from the world.  though i dont enjoy the world as it is now, i still cannot help but feel scared that i am completely disattached from it.