I am Jack's ball of seering self doubt
Tommorrow is the opening of my thesis show, and even though all I have left to do in the gallery is put the vinyl letters of my name up (I'm worried about it being crooked), and clean up around my space- I started feeling like a knot is taking over my insides about 2 hours ago.  In other words, I'm WICKED-crazy-nervous.  Ugh.  I'm sure it'll be fine, especially after I start knocking bad drinks at the opening, but still- I feel like a big fat joke of an artist.  I guess it's that I'm putting something out there that's so completely different from anything else I've ever put out there.  I've never built such a large installation.  There were so many things involved in the making of it that I've never done.  So I'm worried that it's crap-that everyone will turn up their noses- that they'll sneer and make jokes about how lame it all is.  And consequently this makes me feel SUPER FANTASTICO!  I'm about to jump off this huge cliff, that I've been looking forward to getting over and done with- but now that it's on my doorstep I want to hide in a dark dark cave until hopefully someone tells me it's all over and I can breathe again.  Tonight I've got to figure out how to make a massive amount of brisket and cornbread, as I've decideed at the last minute that it'll be better to save a bunch of money that we don't really have to spend on my thesis opening.  Gar still needs to get his hair cut, I have to make sure I can find my black tights (moving is fun!), I've got to put together a binder w/ all my resume, artist's statement crap in it, I need to clean my act up with some grooming (whew have I let that go-good thing I'm a blonde!), need to figure out how in the world we're going to get over to Tufts at 4pm tomm. with so much food and no car, and I'm sure there's more that I'm forgetting.  It all seems do-able, just I'm to the point where I feel so numb and weird that it seems overwhelming. Can't I just drink away the next 24 hours.  Not to mention the fact that next Mon. I have my thesis faculty meeting, at which point I may pass out or start bleeding from the eyes or something.  That would be cool.  Okay, I'm going to try to motivate and put all of this into perspective.  Just needed to get it off my chest, out of my head, and spew it out too cyberspace.