Did I Mention When I See You It Stings Like Hell?
So today was lame. I went to the dentist at 1pm and didn't get out until like 2pm. I hate that, most of the time you are just sitting there waiting. I have to go back because I have a pit on my one back tooth they are afraid will turn into a cavity, so they are going to fill it, and cut away part of my gum because when I got my wisdom teeth out it did something to the I don't know, but while they are filling the pit thingy they are basically going to cut part of my gum off or something. I couldn't make the appointment for that yet though because I don't know when I am going to be able to get my surgery, which I am trying to plan my entire life around a date I don't know. Good news is that hopefully this time tomorrow I will be writing with a date! That will be good. I'll be able to actually plan things then instead of having so much stuff up in the air. So nervous... After the dentist I went to CVS and got somethings, then to ShopRite to get my prescription filled, then bought food to make dinner that night for my parents. Made dinner, after dinner, went through and cleaned up some stuff. Then Ashley suggested going on a walk, so I waited for her to come over. I would walk by my front door every so often and look out to see if her car was there. At one random look who do I see drive by in his car, Mike. I didn't realize it was him at first until after the car passed my house. I stood there for a minute and didn't know what to do. I wondered if he would stop and turn around. So I walked outside, and I could see him down the street turning his car around. He pulled up and we talked for a little while until Ashley got there. See, now would have been a really good time to talk about mine and Mike's talk from Friday night, but its late now and I am super tired, and I need to actually try to get some sleep tonight because my stomach is in a knot. So yeah, maybe eventually I will get to writing that much needed journal entry, but for now, sleep is in order.



Seeing him though was rough, really rough, and it brought up so much....it also didn't help he looked cute. BLAH!!!!!!!!