Cancer Update
I am still processing this news, it's good news but I'm having a hard time seeing it that way right this second because it's not what I was hoping for. 

My dad's CT scans are not clean. They never will be. They will never fully get rid of the cancer. Because of the kind of cancer he has, they pretty much simply treat the symptoms. His lymphnodes that were affected (which was not just his abdomen wall I found out yesterday, turns out it was in his neck again as well as near his spine, which is why he was getting some kind of bone strengthening treatment as well, it was lots of places it seems) have shrunken. In the words of my dad "the treatment did what they wanted it to." I have to come to grips with the fact that I will never be able to say my dad is cancer free. I will not be able to answer my church members' questions quickly this Sunday. Yes, the treatment worked, but the cancer isn't gone, its just asleep for the time being. When I come to grips with this I will be able to accept the victory that this is, just not right this minute. I know that yes, he is alive and for the most part no one thinks that this cancer will kill him at any point in the future and those are indeed blessings. It's just really hard to accept the fact that this is something that is going to keep on cropping up in his body. This isn't a cancer that hits you once but you can kill. This cancer, using the words of another person I know with the same kind, is chronic disease. It's like any other condition that periodically flares up, except it just happens to have the C word attached and that makes it scarier in my head right now.

I will be okay with this. I will be able to see the extremely good news that this contains. Right now, I'm staring at the one dark cloud in a otherwise clear sky because I wasn't expecting it to be there and it scares me because of its potential to soak my world.

I will be okay. Its just going to take more than my dad's reassurances. Just give me some time.