milam house slumber party
i come back to houston tomorrow around 7 pm.  i'm going to be all by my lonesome self for 2 days until the amazing elizabeth urban (or embitichabitch) gets into town to cuddle with me.  i'm really scared about being alone in the house.  usually this wouldn't bother me, but i had this horrible nightmare the other night:

milam house was having a small get together.  everyone had like 3 or 4 people over.  i didn't know everyone there.  i went to the hall bathroom, and this tall, lanky guy with curly black hair came out.  i had never seen him before, but he gave me this really swarthy, knowing grin and he walked off.  i didn't think much of it. i just thought he was a friend of april's or vince's.  then about 20 min later, our neighbor came over and asked if i had heard that the serial killer (the notorious serial killer in this world) had been spotted in our neighborhood.  apparently he had been running baker 13 and then ran all the way to our neighborhood.  she described him to me and i realized that it was the guy coming out of the bathroom.  i freaked out because i didn't even know if he was still in the house, so she told me to come over to her house to call 911.  so without even warning my beloved roommates, we went to her place.  for some reason we decided we needed to sit on her roof to call the cops.  while we were on the roof, all of a sudden we see the serial killer chasing down a guy right in front of milam house.  he caught up to the guy and put an axe in the guy's back.  while this was happening, the neighbor was hiding her eyes and telling me not to look because if he makes eye contact with either of us, he'll come after us.  but i couldn't look away!  right after he axed the guy down, he turned around, looked directly at me, and smiled and winked....like he did it all for me.  

i woke up terrified.  i told my parents that i'm kind of afraid of being alone at milam for a little while.  they reacted in typical parent fashion - my mom asked if i wanted to stay here a couple of more days, and my dad offered my his whole arsenal of guns to take back with me.  

but here is my solution!!  sleep-over at milam house tomorrow night!!  come spend the night with me!  let me know if you'll be in town.  everyone is welcome.  

at the very least, april should have to come home to protect me.