Dream Diary #79 "The Book"
I'm not sure what happened before what I saw in this dream... this nightmare, but this is the first actual nightmare I've had for a long time. It might make for a good horror movie, Anyways, here it is. The BookI was in a study or library or possibly a lab of some sort, working with a young girl, probably in her early to middle teens. As I was doing an experiment she began looking through an old book. After she looked at the first couple captions I started to hear her flip through the pages faster and faster and hyperventilating. I was too engrossed in my project and told her "just stop somewhere". After more panicked flipping I heard a sigh of relief as she stopped. Then a couple seconds later I heard a sharp scream come from her direction. I dropped my beaker, which shattered on the table and looked over to where I heardthe scream. The book was there, but she wasn't. The book was opened to a page with a caption in a red bloody dripping box "Death". On the opposing page there was no caption...on first glance. But I saw a box the same size that was warped and swirling with something too warped to read in it. I heard a groan/whimper at my feet and looked down to see the girl covered in some kind of ooze that looked like the swirling caption box in the book. I saw her eyes were black and empty as she reached towards me... I jumped back, and at that very moment, snapped awake RL. 
I just stayed curled up inmy nest, shielding my chakras, feeling the presence of the swirling entity in my room. I felt it for at least a half hour after waking up. The whole time I was shielding myself and praying for help, afraid to go back to sleep. 
Right before typing this entry I was told to burn a purple candle and smudge the room with sage. I still feel chills, but only as I type. I get that I should reinforce my smudge by burning some sweetgrass as well, then the 'entity' will be gone. I'm going to do that now and hopefully go to sleep for another half hour before getting back up for work.