too much of nothing is not enough
I haven't updated in 2006 yet, and that's pretty long for me at least.

god, I am just in quite a situation right now, 2006 has been the most hectic of my January's I've ever had.  I can't go into everything, but so far, I have brought in the new year with my wonderful boyfriend in front of the television because I had to work new year's eve, I had to say goodbye to ryan for 5 months, and that should never happen to anyone.  I have lost my grandfather who lived til he was 80 years old, had thre heart attacks, one stroke, and a triple bi-pass, and only died after he was struck by a truck trying to get his mail, and I have saved up over $3,000 for my trip to paris, which leaves tomorrow.  Oh, and today is my 21st birthday too.

I'm really scared right now.  I've been really sad this past week for two main reasons.  The first being I have received criticism to be very polite about every aspect of myself.  I'm ugly, I'm rude, I'm a fat ass, I'm fake, I don't work well with others, I'm just disgusting, and even though when it started I could care less, when you know the truth and say it, it's one thing, but when two rude guys yell it at you from their car as you're walking to a parking lot, that's another thing. 

And I cried about it, and let everything out, because I couldn't talk to anyone about it, and I'm not one to drama, or confront (except with hummer owners) I just sat back, and so when it came to the surface the volcanoe exploded.  

Secondly, it just hit me about four hours ago that I will be leaving for an entire semester, which usually seems like an eternity, but with very little contact with the love of my life and my best friend who means everything to me, I feel this semester will last even longer.

I guess there is a third thing too.  It's my birthday, and I didn't get a single card from anyone, not even my relatives.

so, I'm sad, but I am trying to be positive about the future.  I freak out about planning, and the unknown makes me cry, but I am leaving tomorrow, and I'm not coming back for a while. I need to help myself survive out there in a strange new world, all by myself.  

 this will be the biggest learning experience of my life.

here's to new ideas, and cookies,
stephanie lynn