
So how was everyone's Friday the 13th?  Mine was great.  Saturday the 14th sucked as usual for me.  I have great luck on the 13th.  I met a great new girl, found money I hid from myself, didn't have a bit of bad luck.  Then the 14th rolls around and I have all the bad luck people are said to get on the 13th.  Anyone remember creepy neighbor?  Well, he stole my dog today.  I left her outside on her chain to romp and play like any responsible owner.  I looked out the window about an hour later b/c I hadn't heard her barking to come in yet and was wanting to see what she was getting into.  I saw the chain, I saw the collar, I didn't see the dog.  I figured she broke her collar again and went frantically searching for her in the dark.  I walked all over yelling for her and knocking on doors.  Then I came home to check if anyone had called me about her yet and was going to drive around looking for her.  I went to pick up her collar and found that she hadn't broken it, it was unhooked.  I went over to the neighbor's house to see if he had seen her and I saw him sitting on the sofa, not moving towards the door despite me banging.  Then I saw a familliar tail.  I ended up calling the landlord who told me to call the cops.  They showed up more quickly over my dog than anytime I've every called, even 911 calls at mom's!  And they sent TWO cops.  Well, I got Snuggles back and am not pressing charges at the moment, but if that fucker comes to my door again or LOOKS at me or my dog, the cops will be back.  It creeps me out mostly b/c my doors have been unlocking themselves lately.  I wonder if its not him.  I wonder if he didn't take my dog to get her used to him so she'd stop barking at him.  I no longer think I'm just paranoid.  He took my dog with no explaination.  Things have been more freaky than usual.  And I've been avoiding him.  Too many things don't add up.  I need to get out of here before it gets worse.  I called Lejman to come over b/c I was scared and then the cops called me back and I told him to hold on but he hung up.  That's twice he's not been there for me when I needed him most.  And he's all I have here.  If any big scarey guy needs a roomie, I'm game!  Actually, if anyone wants to move in, please do.  I'm so scared living here be myself.  I don't know what this jerk is capable of.