the little scraps and bits of junk that paint my life
i am getting a futon friday to replace my ginormous loft bed. as fun as it is getting something new i am sad getting rid of the old. i can't believe it has been 5 years since i got that bed. and i love it but i won't be living at home much longer and the loft bed is a pain to keep neat. i was cleaning out the drawers in it finding a lot of old memories i have forgotten for a long time. letters from friends, letter i wrote and never gave to people, stories, poems, rants, drawings, little tidbits of junk that all brought about some sort of memory. i had to stop sorting and leave everything a mess on my floor because it was too much to take in all at once. some of the things reminded me how bad i got at one point - how close i was to being gone forever. some made me realize how good i had certain things and never really appreciated them. some things made me remember how i used to be before my mind became ill. why do things have to be so complicated? i have so many regrets and so many accomplishments and they all went by so fast. and now i am only 20 years old with my whole life ahead of me but i feel like i am an 85 year old man realizing that there isn't much time left and that i wasted it all away. i wanted to cry when my dad said something about not thinking about 30 years from now implying he wont be around then. he is 64 years old and i can't imagine being in the world without him. these past 20 years have gone by so fast so will i wake up tomorrow and be 40 burrying my father, and the day after that in my 70's or 80's in a battle against an illness that will bring me to my finale? or burrying the love of my life? I know i shouldn't think this way but it is so hard not to because it is so real yet so unreal. i want to scream and thrash and cry and fall into someones arms who will tell me time will only pass the way i please and i can rewind and fix mistakes. i want so badly to move in with Nick yet now i find myself terrified at the thought of finally leaving the one place i have ever called home. turning my back on my youth, my family, and everything i used to be. i just wish i could feel happy about this. i want to progess but almost want to degress more. I wish i wasn't so scared. I wish I could realize that all i can do is move on and then do it. I feel like i have lost and forgotten so much of my past already what is going to happen in the next 20, 40, 60 years of my life? will i look upon my youth as if it was a story i read long ago but never really lived? will i ever accept the inevitable course of time? I don't know what to feel.