I dunno 
I dunno why im even updating its just gonna worry everyone but im just stressing for no damn reason. and i dont feel good at all, i thought i was happy but i dont think i am i guess the school change or something is taking a toll on me, im not one to talk about my problems and i tend to hold things in which isnt good either because eventually i just burst it my not come out of my mouth but u notice it. i kno you guys have because everyone says i look sick or i look down or something not right wat was it "im no ana anymore" well who the fuck was she to begin with is wat i wanna know because i dont think i ever did. Yeh my hyper moments are still there and im always confused and i cant seem to walk straight lines to save my life (was that ana) because if it is then im still here. Im a reserved person i dont like sharing my business and i dont like help because eventually people go away and then you just feel lost because you dont have them anymore so your not really sure of what the hell is ever going on. I guess thats the problem im scared people are gonna go away because they have in the past. i pretty much liked that i was a loner now it scares me a little opening up to people will could potentially be enemies or getting close to someone that will eventually go away. I put a brave face but im far from it. I pretend that nothing is ever wrong but thats far from it. I say i always speak my mind and that i do im not afraid to be blunt or say exactly wat i think of you but when it comes to talking about me you wont get anything and wat ever you get is 10% of wats really going on. I hate i know i give the impression that not much must go through my head but i wish sometimes i could just stop thinking, Honestly i wish sometimes i was the feather brain most of you people think of me being and its annoying because the thinking and wondering and analyzing doesn;t stop .( dont get it twisted im not saying i have voices in my head talking to me al the time) im just saying i wish i would just let things flow that cant be controlled instead of trying to analyze everything incase it happens or when it happens or how to react when it happens ( not talking abou anything in particular just ramblin) 
    im sad and i dont know why and its really sucking because i think i do kno why but its just the one thing im afraid to think of because i let myself get vulnerable and i took down the damn shield. the fucking shield that i had thats no matter wat it would al just be good. Well now its just me no shield i feel like im standing in a field and someone is aiming at me and i have no control of it I HATE IT wtf happen to the shield i want it back im scared im truly scared and its to late to try to put one up ive let too much out and ive brought to mmuch in. 
w.e i cant type anymore im just sad and i wish somethings were different but then i dont see i dont even know what i think. It might be my damn soup that they keep giving me because somethings definetly changed

im done (dont ask me about this entry because i wont talk about it)