Entry #1
Well today started off fun and interesting (NOT).  I was sleeping, I'm home sick from work with a viral upper resp. infection.  My door bell rings at 8:30 and its the national fuel guy here to turn off my heat (in Buffalo in the middle of winter) if you can believe that.  I begged him not to, that I was going to apply for assistance today, he said he had to.  He was nice enough to say ok, i'll tell my boss that your dog was out and blocking path to the meter, so he couldn't do it, but that I have to get to heap office TODAY.  My peer advocate took me there.  PHEW.  I have 30 days, and there is grant money that can help pay for part of it. 

In what was a banner year for me (NOT)    :) I had to spend my fuel money on the bankruptcy due to the mounting medical bills I could not afford to pay (as a worker in the Mental Health Field) and I can't afford to pay my own medical bills.  I won't even get started on Insurance Companies blatant discrimination against those w/ a mental illness ( I'll get off my soap box before I even get on it - ha)  

Anyways, I'm awaiting the right time to do a home pregnancy test, which would mean going off all my meds I'm sure.  While I've wanted a baby for the past 4 years, and was told pregnancy for me would be difficult because I have poly cystic ovary syndrome, now that it is a possibility (periods have regulated in past year) I am excited, terrified, then excited again, then overwhelmed, then mad at myself, then crying, then happy again (kind of like being Bipolar lol.)

So I have to wait 2 weeks and do a home PG test and then if it's positive, go see MD.

So I guess that is it for today.  I got in trouble for calling in sick, even though I'm really sick, because I've been sick four times in past month, and it just happened to be around holidays, so my boss got on my case a bit.
I was hurt cause I've known her long time and to be somewhat accused of lying hurt.  I know now it was not personal, it is her job, and I can see why it looked suspicious, but I am not one to do things like that.  Abuse sick time etc.

Anyways, so that has been how my day was.  I have an awesome Mental Health Advocate who has been through it all, and has all my respect in the world.

Closing for now.
Peace Out.
Kristen