hauntings
Have you ever had a ghost from your past that just would not go away?  Someone that touched your life in so many diffrent ways and in such deep ways that no matter what you do or where you are or how hard you try to let this person stay in the past, life has away of making you remember and think about them.  It is not that I want to forget them but I want to fianly lay that span of my past to rest and move on with my life.  But as I said life just has ways of slapping you in the face with them.  The last time I spoke to this person was in 2001 when I first moved to Philly.  I have not spoken to, seen, or had any type of contact with this person in five years.  And, until tonight I had no clue of where this person was or if they were even still alive.  The reasons, why I even had this person on my mind, are someone this person had friendship with came into my store a couple of months ago, I did not recognize the person but they knew me and started to ask questions about this person and our past relationship.  Second, after  hurrican Rita another friend of this person came into the store and asked about them and if I had any clue as to where they were and how they were doing and that they were very surprised that we were still not together.  Third, one of my roomies had a dream about this person a couple of days ago.  This person has been haunting me in so many ways since we last spoke that I can not even begin to have the words to explain this. 
   On a whim I looked his name up on a free people finder web site.  He was there and all indicaters say it is him.  I then went to the white pages of the city where the last known address for him is and I got his phone number.  This really shocked me that it would be this easy to find him, if indead it is him.  I am at a loss as to what do I do.  I really want to put this to rest but if I contact him would that classifey as stalkerish?  LOL,I know, it may not even be him.  And, as they say is courosity about to kill the cat?  I am very nervous about even contacting him, not out of fear of rejection, but is this a can of worms I really want to open and the fear of the unkown.  For once in my life I am truely at a loss as to what direction I want to take.  I honestly never expected to find him again and had grown acustom to that and accepted it as fact.  Boy was I wrong!!!!   
   This guy was my first true love.  I mean the type of love that just blindes  you to all else, the kind that lights the deepest, darkest, most whithered parts of your soul.  If that sounds stupid I am sorry but that is how deeply in love I was.  Because of the good, bad, and ugly I went through with this guy, and trust me there was plenty of all, I have many of my beliefs and traits today.  I grew so much as a person because of the experinces I went through with him.  I do not regret any of what happened between us.  I do not even regret lossing contact with him.  It was honestly probably the best thing for the both of us.  To allow us to find who were are as individuals.  But does this mean that we are to never have contact again, or do I take this opurtinity to conect with him again?  I do not expect anything from him if I do.  This also begs the question, would he even want to hear form me at this point in time?  
   Ok, that is more about me than anyone probably ever wanted to know and it is a long entry for such a short question.  Do I contact him or not?  I would love to hear any input on this matter.  Any and all are welcome to voice their opinion on this matter.