well no shit!!!
So yea as predicted i am not good at updating this shit, big surprise! well i had a few revelations tonight, most people learn these lessons in grade school, well not me im a dumbass! I am not the kind of person who likes to say out loud what they feel, even this live journal thing is a stretch for me, and i still am not totally comfortable at the fact that certain people may be reading it but anyways....I am a pussy, i know this, never wanted to admit it but i am and i realized tonight that i have no reason to be. You shouldnt hold things back because u are afraid of what the outcome might be. Sure it may not turn out how you want it but at least u got it out there and u wont have any regrets. My whole day is just one big regret. I have so many things i want to say but am  too worried that it wont turn out in my favor, but why do i care? it hurts me more that i keep these things inside, in fact it pretty much drives me crazy every night. I was listening to a song tonight and it made me realize that I dont want to look back at this whole situation and regret it everyday while wondering what could have been. I need to step up to the plate. No one is going to take care of this for me, of course I have my great friends to back me up and help me as far as i can but the rest is up to me. What if tomorrow I dont get a chance to do this and then i dont think i could live with myself. And thats what "hurts the most". So i have made a pact with myself from now on to say what im feeling, never hold back, and make sure everyone i care about knows it. For me its gooing to be incredibly challenging, those who know me are probably shocked right now, but im not happy living like this. I am always the one in the background cuz i keep my mouth shut so i cant get hurt, and thats no way to live. Yea I have had my heart broken in the past, and i dont want to ever go thru that again, but ill never be happy if i dont give it a chance. well now that ive rambled on long enough, i am going to go make a phone call