
I talked to my mother today. Because I have been thinking about going back to public school. I can't handle it and I know it, but I just want to feel like a normal 16 year old and have friends other than my older sister and my younger cousin. We just moved to Massachusetts, and when we lived in Arizona I was on a program called homebound. Which because I was diagnosed with severe SA resulting in hives all over my body when I was at school, meant I could have teachers paid by the district to come to my house. Moving here they don't have anything like that. So my options were to go back to public school and live with hives for the rest of my life, or stay at home... My mom bought me text books and stuff so I could study until I turned 16 and could get my ged. I can get my ged, but the thought of going to the building to take the test with other kids my age, and the fear of failing keeps me from going. She also said I had to get a job, but noone wants to hire a 16 year old. So anyways, I talked to my mom and asked her to maybe just call the school and see if there was anything we could do, even if I had to see a doctor, or do counceling... Just something to keep me from destroying my life. The entire thing was all her idea, but she is always complaining behind my back that i'm a failure and i'm never going anywhere. My cousins father (not my uncle, my aunt and him never married) won't even talk to me when hes around because i'm a dropout and poisening his daughter. The thought of going to a school makes me break out all over again, but she just annoys me so much talking about me when she thinks I can't hear... When I brought it up to her she got huffy, and kind of ignored me, rolled her eyes and just laughed that I would even bring up he idea of finding out what Massachusetts schools have to offer for kids with issues keeping them from school. All she said about all of it was "We already looked into it, there aren't any options except getting your ged" but we never did. I can't get anything through to her, I have told her how I feel and she just goes into a rant "Oh so its all my fault once again that your life is miserable, bla bla bla" and I just feel so lost because I have noone to talk to. Posting here usually makes me feel better for a while, and then makes me regret it later... There really was a purpose to all of this, two things.. First, does anyone know anything about Massachusetts schools, and what possible options I may have??? 

Secondly, a lot of my SA issues come from my weight, and my having very very short hair, and basically any and all self esteem issues you can think of, And I try and tell myself, maybe I can turn things around and lose some weight and grow my hair and start school again next year (I would have to start all over again), but I just can't get that through and I feel like I will never feel comfortable being myself, and that nothing I do is going to make me feel better. Its kind of pathetic I will never be good enough for myself. It doesn't help that the only two people I have as even semi friends make me feel terrible. My sister who is absolutly gorgeous, perfect, and perfect always has to be like wow, I only had 50 adorable guys flirt with me today I must be so ugly. And my cousin who is always like, wow, I only fit in a size 7, I am a 
freakin hippo, neither of them seem to even care what I feel like when they go on these tirades. I just feel so, -bleh- in my own skin. Has anyone else ever felt anything like this or am I completly insane and on my own?