The Meeting
Well, today well and truly sucked.  I had my assessment first thing, only I didnt get to finish it AND I almost had a nervous breakdown halfway through the fucking thing thanks to our (must be) menopausal lecturer...Im sick and tired of her fucking attitude as it reverberates back to me and turns me into a quivering wreck every single time I step foot into her lectures/tutorials.  Today she counted to ten because Dave in my class asked her a question(!)  Your fucking job is to answer questions you silly bint!!  What are you doing?!  The assessments we are doing currently concern a radio advert which is horrendous as hell to try and analyse (most probably the WORST radio advert of all time) and an old Tennants ad which is ok...today she progressed to switch between the two fucking assessments which drove me crazy...THEN started shouting at people in the class for getting a question wrong.  I seriously dont know how much more I can cope with her.
   We had our meeting with Margaret today, only it turned into being a meeting with a senior guidance tutor, which was actually really helpful as we all indeed managed to vent off exactly how we felt about the silly bitch.  Unfortunately, its not going to do anything but most likely hinder matters on Thursday morning and afternoon when it comes to me doing my assessments.  Ive came to the conclusion however that if she even dare speak to me in the slightest untoward tone, Im gonna tell her that Im not going to step foot into her classroom again until she changes her attitude, becomes helpful, and Ive spoken to my tutor about it...otherwise I truly will go insane.

Once again I dont see why I should have to suffer because of her...but yet again its happening.  Im smoking (AGAIN!) because of it too.  Dave was real good today and gave me a little something for tonight which shall calm my nerves down a tremondous amount...but its only temporary =(  My last visit to the doctor told me that Ive to get in touch with her again if things get too much but I really dont want to be given some soul destroying meds that will make me worse in the long run...

I have alot of thinking to do