
hung out with the wench, and we figured out that a bunch of heinitude was just from miscommunicating and stuff.  then went with roma to union jacks.  we had an okay time- it was pretty empty, and the dj was an anus.  then poor roma lost her cell phone, which it took us forever to find.  she had a panic attack, and i was worried.  luckily, when i stuck my hadn down into the bowels of a chair, i found it, and all was well.  until a bunch of dudes were ani, so we ran off.  heh.  we did meet one righteous dnacer named 'gypsy,' who was mega-hot.  like, hot.  we discovered that they have to pay a stage fee of $32 just to be there, and even then they only get paid in tips.  it was a slow night, so they were having a hard time.  had fun talking with roma, though.  wish she could stay longer, but oh wells.

other than that, my poor mind has wondered often to erik.  i sure love that guy.  it does bum the fucking shit out of me that, i mean, i know that, even if there was no (insert his ladyfriend's name), he still would, erm, decline anything with myself.  i mean, i totally understand.  i would not want to be with me.  not only have my tits sunk unto the depths, but my skin looks like shit, and i'm a sumo wrestler, relative to the other chicks he digs.  and all physical stuff aside, there's the past.  i have changed a lot, but i'm still the same person.  i still like affection, most likely more than he does, and i still would probably want more sex, and weird sex, relative to what he does.  it just still hurts that, even with me being busy, and having opposite hours, i still want something, and he does not.  it's important, i have to remember it.  like a mantra.  erikdoesnotwantyouerikdoesnotwantyou.  i understand totally, i can be a real bitch and a hermit.  and i'm insanely insecure.  i guess, because i do want things, i tend to listen for them, and perhaps i have heard things just because i want to.  and then the shittiness where i liked hanging out.  i wanted to go check out some of his stuff (meaning music, heh, though other meanings apply).  i like his cats, technically emily's or not.  heh.  though his apartment is way too fucking cold.  he was going to help me figure out how to make burritos.  :O(