I Just Don't Get It
"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." - Ben Franklin

I'll admit there's a lot about the wiretapping debate that I just don't understand.  For starters, there is Bush's arrogant declaration that he is entirely justified in spying on Americans without their knowledge and without a warrant.  Apparently, in his view, he is above the rule of law and can decide when he will and will not submit to the checks and balances provided by the legislature and the courts.  One of the major reasons the American government even has three branches is to keep any one branch from going out on its own and trying to make itself an absolute authority(a concept many people sadly do not seem to grasp - or to recognize its significance).  We are not ever supposed to be in a position where one branch can act as legislator, enforcer and judge as Bush is doing here.  Certainly he claims he is being cautious and that the administration is spying only on those believed to be linked to Al-Qaida.  However, we should not have to rely solely on the word of the President and have faith he will not abuse his power.  There is an entire judicial procedure meant to scrutinize the Executive Branch's actions and prevent possible abuses of power.

Which leads me to my next source of puzzlement.  I just cannot understand why more people in this country are not outraged by what is happening here.  We have a government claiming that it can sidestep the usual procedure of obtaining a warrant to monitor the activities of suspicious and possibly dangerous persons - and no one seems to care.  The warrant procedure is hardly burdensome.  Since most of the information is classified, a special court(Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court) hears the cases and issues sealed warrants if it finds probable cause for one to issue.  These required findings of probable cause for investigation protect us all.  The implications of allowing an arrogant president to spy on people in this country(unnamed persons, of course) whereever he wills and simply taking his word that he is doing so "responsibly" seems utterly terrifying when you really think about it.  Yet so many people here seem willing to quietly let their freedoms slip away while they obsess over celebrity gossip or whatever other trivial item the so-called news media deigns to report.

If we simply sit back and allow the government to be altered in this fashion, who knows what kind of country we will have in the next few years?  It's certainly starting to sound less and less like a democracy.

Bella