
The idea that Alito is, by all accounts, going to sail through confirmation this week leaves me feeling physically ill. The Bush administration and the far right wing are making this country hostile territory for anyone with an IQ over 70, a uterus, or a conscience. 

My grandparents (or great-grandparents, depending which side of the family you look at) came to this country because it represented opportunity, a chance for a better life not just for themselves but for their children. There is no better life anymore, though -- the economy is in the crapper, regardless of whatever the news is saying, and our hard-won civil rights are being eroded at such a pace you feel sandblasted every time you even glance at a news source. And nobody seems to be doing a damned thing. That the Democratic Party can't even get enough votes to filibuster this man, who has Essence of Evil oozing from every pore in his body, is proof positive that the democratic party has become nothing more than a figment of our collective imagination that our country still might have a chance to survive, still might stand for something worthwhile.

I've talked off and on about trying to emigrate to New Zealand. I've still never decided against this, but I keep hoping that things will improve, things will look better than they are, but it's just not happening. Will running away to the far side of the globe keep my family safe? 

There's a man in the White House who has let tens of thousands of Americans die, whether through his own incompetence or out of just not caring. An entire US City has been wiped off the map, and he was off playing guitar. He's illegally wiretapped the homes of US citizens. He's promoted a policy of torture, lied to Congress to get permission to go to war against a country that hadn't attacked us. Fucking Clinton got a fucking blow job and he got impeached for it. Doesn't anyone see a problem here?

Bush's "environmental" policies are so far out of whack that the fucking Gulf Stream is shutting down. Climate scientists aren't talking any more about us reaching a point of no return, they're talking about us having already crossed it. There's no corner of the globe that that evil son-of-a-bitch can't reach, a man who firmly believes that the Christian judgement day is coming and that hastening doomsday is a pious act.

I try to write stories about the future, and though in my stories it's been a struggle for humanity to muddle through, they've made it. I don't know if I believe that we can anymore, and worse, I don't know if I can look at stories about the future as anything more than patently ludicrous fables meant to comfort us on our collective global deathbed.

I've wondered, since the day the Supreme Court handed Bush the White House he didn't earn (and later when it was handed to him again by Diebold), why there hasn't been rioting in the streets, an uproar to outshout all uproars. Is it because we're too scared, too stupid, or that we just don't have any hope left in us that it would make even a small bit of difference?

I love my daughter with all my heart, and if we have to go to the far end of the globe so that she has the freedom of her own body and mind that she deserves, we'll do it. But if this was the way the world had been ten years ago, if I had known just how far down into the darkness we would spiral in such a short time, with so little resistance, I would never have brought a child into this world. 

If there's hope left, I don't see it.