Return of the recurring nightmare
Last night the only recurring dream I've ever had in my life hit again. Too bad it's classified as a nightmare, it is different everytime but always the same thing happening to me. My top front teeth falling out in various painful ways, but last night was different, very vivid and I could feel the pain and taste the blood. This time my gums swelled to a point where they couldn't hold my teeth...
&nbsp;
 
and they were pushed right out of the sockets, dangling by their nerve endings. I had to reach up and pull them off the nerves, I remember feeling the pain so real, tasting the blood and smelling the blood on my hand; and the feel of the six teeth in my hand with drying blood. Then I woke up, I don't remember where the dream took place but it wasn't here in my house. I think I was in some kind of theatre up in the rigging like the Phantom of the Opera, and I was looking down through rafters at all of my friends asleep. Steph, Anara, Heather, Pip you four were there; Steph I think Izzy was there too. As well as my mother and grandmother, Holly, Mike P., Missy, Niki, Noodles, Jen, Terry, Wayne, Guido, Mike W., Carl and Shannon I think too, and a few people I didn't recognize. I remember being scared looking down at all of you thinking I have to get back to them, but I can't navagate this maze, then the thing with my teeth happened and the fear of not getting back to all of you before it was too late; to see you all one last time passed through my head too. Running through the tunnels and jumping through the riggings above whatever I was above, then I landed on the floor in a pose that crossed Spider-Man with Tarzan(I say Tarzan because I think I only had a loin-cloth or ripped boxers covering me). After landing I looked into my hand that had my teeth and dried blood&nbsp;and woke up. Does anyone wanna even touch this one with some analysis because I'm at a loss. Now I know I said it's recurring but it not really, just the thing with my teeth the rest of the dream always varies; but my teeth falling out or just breaking happens every three or four weeks. Any ideas would be cool, this one really got to me.