this bumpy road
well, since my last entry, a lot has changed.  A little less than better and a little more sideways.  The night of his bday he finally stopped sulking and we went to a movie/dinner.  Foolishly we both imbibed much alcohol, which made our slope all the more slippery.  In trying to forget our woes we ended up making new, more horrific memories instead.  I can never get him out of my place when things go so horribly wrong.  It never would have had to go so far if the guy just knew how to take a breather, make the symbol for "time out" and take a walk or something.  Needless to say we both hurt each other, and after a few days and the argument that for me was the last straw, I evicted him.  I had to wait until he went to work so he wouldn't be able to wig and stop me.  If he had known, he simply would not have even gone to work that day.  That's how willfull he is, I simply would not have had a choice in the matter unless I had my own policeman to make it so.  So, he left for work.  I had the locks changed urgently, and took everything he had to his brothers'.  I then went downtown and filed the paperwork for an order of protection.  I knew he felt something might be up, and he had left work early to find his suspicions were correct.  Rather than go to where he knew I might have taken his belongings, he waited for me in the parking lot/outside my door for a good 3 hours.  I was scared so I had my friends boyfriend accompany me to my apartment to get some things.  I stayed with my friend that night, but decided not to give him the power of making me stay away from my own home.  Now I have to face him in court.  I'm kind of scared that maybe it's too much, a bit more than I really need.  He's been staying away with the exception of some text messages.   His tone has changed from harrassment/anger to a more rational/apologetic nature, but I'm not sure I trust that.  He's done that before, and who knows when he'll try to be in control out of anger, jealousy, or just a change in the weather.  I'm trying to stick to my guns, but he's so good at trying to make me feel as if those old, bad days are a thing of the past.  Well, I guess I'll see him in court...