Just try and top my day!  I dare you!
I am not sure where to start... Maybe I should start with yesterday. I stayed up in Cedar Falls with Julia to work on our assessment exam report for the assessment we had last week. We also scheduled much needed massages, then dinner and a movie! The evening was very relaxing! I had a fantastic massage which I will go back for in a couple of weeks so she can again work on the tension knot in my shoulder! She did a fantastic job of working it down to about a pea size... It hasn't been that small in years! We are chinese and watched Newsies! It was so much fun to just hang and not have to think too much about school for a while. Anyways, I didn't sleep very deeply for some reason- probably because I was in a different place and I should have taken some air out of that air bed I slept on but I was just too tired. To make a long story short I had a very disturbing dream about a cousin of mine (who knows why him)! The weird thing is that it took almost a whole day to bring this dream back up into my consciousness. 

Fast forward to this evening where I was forced to drive home on a different route because people in Iowa CAN'T DRIVE worth shit!!! So, I was cruising down Glass road at about 30mph and the car in front of me slams on its breaks and swerves as not to hit the deer, STILL ALIVE, sitting up in the middle of the road. It has obviously just been hit by someone (hit and run) and it was in shock. I immediately went in to fight-flight mode (more fight than flight) and called Neil to get the number for the non-emergency police number -which of course he couldn't find! UGH! MEN! There were others who had stopped and called for help and were trying to corall this poor soul that was just terrified of people, in shock, and obviously pretty hurt! I was so distraught! I left the scene when help arrived. I have such a smooshy heart when it comes to animals. I just can't see them suffering! Not what I was expecting this evening! 

So, I get home and here is the bizarre part- this dream I had last night all the details came flooding back. As it wasn't disturbing enough the first time around, it was equally if not more disturbing as I began to remember the depth to this dream! UGH, it was awful! It was in color and so realistic! So now I have to find my cousin and make sure he's ok so I can sleep tonight!

The brain is a crazy organism! 

Try and top my day!!