I'm scared
My seven yr/old son is sick. I'm not really sure what's wrong with him but he's got a swollen lymhnode in his groin. It could be any number of things but as an overprotective very imaginative parent I can only focus on the worst possible scenerio.....cancer.
This all started around Thanksgiving we noticed a large lump under his right arm. I brought him to the er where I work and the doc said that it was enlarged lymphnode and trying not to worry me she gave me several possibilities of what it could be and sent us on our way with antibiotics and an appointment with a pediatric surgeon. We went to the appt. and with the antibiotics the lump had started to shrink so we were told we'd keep an eye on it an not take any action at that time. 
A week or two after that my son was getting out of the shower and noticed he had a big lump right by his penis so we called the ped. surgeon freaking out and once we described the lump she said not to worry it's probably a hernia from plying ruff or something so we calmed down and decided to give it some time.
Now it's Feb. 2 months later and the bump is still there. I feel bad cause I had put it to the back of my mind with the holidays and moving. The other day my husband called me at work telling me to make an appt. asap cause the bump is still there big as ever. So I did, we went in Monday and the P.A. that he saw was very concerned. I offered him the hernia explanation and he didn't even acknowledge that, he said we'll get started with blood work and an ultrasound. So on Monday they drew his blood to send out to wherever does there lab stuff and told me they'd get back to me with results and a time fot the ultrasound. It's freaking Wednesday now and still no results or appts. I called and left a very irritated message about the blood work and got a call saying that there's no results back yet give it a couple more days and that the girl who schedules the ultrasounds and stuff should be getting back to me soon. I'm like WTF!!!!!!!!!!! if my child has something seriously wrong then we need to know now not in a couple of days or longer. 
I know that I probably should have had him in before but I really thought that it was probably a hernia and allowed myself to think it would all be ok. Now I'm just going over and over again in my head all the time what if it is cancer how can I watch my little boy go through something like that, all of the horrilbe outcomes keep me up at night