
I've been having creepy weird dreams lately.  

Yesterday morning, I dreamed this father came back for his son (the wife had divorced him.)  Except the father had a bomb strapped to his chest.  They were in a warpped version of my room upstairs in the old house.  I was watching everything like a tv show.  The father and mother were screaming at each other while the son stood there frightened.  The dad was off his rocker and was using his love for his son as an excuse because he really just hated the wife.  He wanted the wife to give him the boy.  The parents just kept yelling and as I watched I whispered 'Save the child save the child.'  Then the father pressed a button and the entire building blew up.  The next scene I saw was a near by cop who was being rushed to the hospital with sever burns.  So I knew not only had all three died but others had been badly injured and possibly killed too.  I woke up right after that and felt really shaken and sorta sick.

This morning, I actually woke up at least three times from this and tried to think of something else but everytime my mind took me back to this dream.  

There were two guys being investigated for murder.  They were related, one was in his forties the other his late twenties.  There were cops all over their house.  Sometimes I was one've the cops interogating them and sometimes I was an invisible 3rd party.  The guys were creepy.  There was no body yet so they couldn't be convicted but somewhow everyone was sure they'd done it.  Eventually the older guy cracked a little and told the cops he had the body in his trunk wrapped in plastic but that he hadn't killed the man.  Just before the dream ended I got to see a flashback of what really happened.  There had been some teenage boys 13 and 16 who had broken into the house and then accidentally shot these two older guys who lived there.  The kids were scared and going to call the cops when the forties guy told them to shut up and that he'd take care of it.  The guys were all old war veterans and somehow the idea of them being shot by children seemed dishonorable so they'd tried to cover it up.  The shootings happened in a warpped version of my old kitchen.  There was blood all over the floor and the dead guys looked shocked.  

Creepy ppl in my dreams are especially unsettling because more often then not I can feel their feelings.    A part of me is them and can understand how they think and move.