Brief Moment of Reality
A heart attack was imminent Monday night while during game play. A section of the world is grossly populated with s-words (arachnids) of all sizes... even giants. Someone can testify to the squeal I let loose whenever I saw the first s-word, jaw dropping and palms becoming slightly sweaty. 
For the few people who might be ignorant on the matter: I possess arachnophobia to the highest degree, I can't even say the s-word, which is why I type it out that way. Typing the word, for roleplay purposes on IRC, was extremely hard on the rare occasions I needed to use it. Whenever I see an s-word in real life, I do a number of things. Scream, freeze, shake, and a couple of instances of crying. It's bad. Really, really bad.
How the hell can I get through this region? ...it became less of a problem when I discovered the number of experience points each one of those creepy-crawly bastards are, and the amount of points for the giant are droolingly high. Since reaching this area, I've gained 5 levels. I'll admit I have to prop my legs on something, pulling my feet away from the floor (never know when those evil things will show up) so that I feel better. Someone might say that this game is a method of therapy. I say... experience points!
The disturbing thing about it is that I've become a little paranoid, swinging my gaze this way and that way while walking through my house, more than half afraid that I'll find one blocking my path. Erring on the safe side of things, maybe I should get my arachnid spray. Whenever reaaaaaally necessary, I can use it because I don't have to get very close to the damn thing. Having Mark work during the evenings/nights can be very detrimental to my mental and physical health if I come across one while completely vulnerable.
Should I be found dead via heart attack or TIA, the culprit is probably hiding behind a piece of furniture. At least everyone will know the true cause of it. 


I'm hoping to gain two more levels tonight. S-words are, at least, afraid of me for once.