Guilt trippin'
There's this Sleater-Kinney song that says, "Is our guilt erased by the pain that we've endured?"  They're talking about the war, but I can apply it to my own life.  Does the shit I've been through give me the right to be so goddamn self-centered?  Because look at what I'm doing to everyone around me right now, all in the name of my own shit.

If Kaley isn't really dealing with what happened to her, maybe it's because of me.  Like she feels like she HAS to be okay, because if she isn't, I'LL fall apart.  I feel so fucking guilty because the whole thing has triggered the hell out of my PTSD and now I'm thinking about MY shit all the time, instead of trying to focus on hers.  I try and I try but I just keep being reminded by this of what I'VE been through.

Plus, my best friend and I sort of bonded over the fact that we'd both been sexually abused, which I think is kind of dangerous to our relationship.  Because when one of us starts thinking about it and talking about it a lot, it has a tendency to trigger the other one.  And I'm afraid that's what I'm doing now.  I've been writing all this rape stuff in my journal the past few days and I know she reads it, and reading hers, I realize that the same issues are resurfacing for her now too.  It could be a coincidence, but it probably isn't.  And I feel like shit.

And a girl at my school was raped just last week.  I don't really know her but she's a friend of a friend.  And I actually walked away from a conversation between them, when she was talking about it, because I just couldn't deal with the feelings it brought up for me.

I feel terrible.  I wanted to volunteer for the rape crisis center like one of my friends does, but I'm afraid I'd be one of the ones Kel and I always hated-- the ones who only do it because they think that by trying to save someone else, they can somehow save themselves.  Or worse, I'd get triggered and freeze up.  Why the fuck do I have to feel so damn sorry for myself all the time?  I HAVE NOT had the worst life in the world.  I haven't even had the worst of all the people I know.  Why can't I pull my head out of my own ass and see that?

Oh, and I just raped the main character in my novel.  I'd sworn I was going to try and write a book where nobody gets raped - it happens in all three of my other books and almost all of my short stories - but I just couldn't do it.  I don't know how to think like a person that hasn't happened to.  I don't know how to imagine a world - a life - where that doesn't happen.