are you afraid of the dark?
My mental health patient flaked out on Bridgette and I again.  But that's okay because instead of coloring pieces of wood, I learned about the haunted house I'm going to live in!

Here is my retelling of the story told by my TA Lana who also had an internship at Oregon State Hospital:

Backstory: Before Oregon State Hospital underwent the changes standard in the breakdown of the "mental institution era," it used the cabins on the grounds as halfway houses for forensic mental health patients (meaning crazy prisoners).  In cabin 12, a certain patient had a spat with his girlfriend and decided to kill her.  Then while shoving her body into the fireplace, one of his housemates walked it and witnessed him doing so.  So of course he killed him too.  Then in an act of insanity (ha!) he buried the bodies in the front yard under the disguise of flower gardens.  But seeing as how he did a crappy job of cleaning the blood from the fireplace, he was found out and justice was served.

Now skip to Lana's internship.  Cabins 11 and 12 were used as student residences the year she had her internship.  She lived in Cabin 11, but her school friend lived in 12.  They of course found out about the above story and were throughly not amused, but whatever- life goes on. That is until the friend's housemates (2 Recreation therapy students) decided to cleanse the aura of the house.  Lana and her friend wanted nothing to do with it so they ignore all the branch waving and mumbo jumbo.  The next night, Lana came home from dinner to find an ambulance and the police outside Cabin 12.  It turns out one of the Rec therapy students had a heart attack.  The other girl attempted CPR, but she couldn't be revived and eventually died in the hospital.  Lana's friend and the other girl ended up quitting their internships from all the stress.  

But the best part is Lana proceeds to tell me I have nothing to worry about, just request the smaller cabin.  But I don't have a  choice...I already know which I'll be in living in...Cabin 12.  

Please let this be sheer coincidence, or I'm in for some sleepless nights.