My Dream
Okay so last night when I went to bed I had the fucking weirdeds scary dream ever, it started out about this lady and her husband who were like on a trip out in the woods then all of a sudden these things started attacking them. These things were like so ugly there legs looked like the legs on the werwolf in the thrid harry potter movie there arms were like short and stubby arms and then they had a human head. But the people started running away from these things and then they had found like a four wheeler or something and got away from them.  Then a few years later Me, Kate, Hannah, Chris and some other guy that I didnt know but his name was Nick had met these people and they didnt tell us about this they just thought that we had enough drive to kill them and make them stop killing people.  So they told us to get a whole bunch of supplies and drive out to this place somewhere in Minnesota.  So we did.  Then when we got there these things like attacked our car and opened our doors and took us to where they lived.  When we got there they put us all in this little room and they left us there while they decided what they were going to do with us.  But when they left us alone in this room we like climbed out of a vent or something like that.  Then we started running from them(And before they had dammaged our car so we couldnt use that to get away) and then we all of a sudden came to a strip mall that they were building so we started running over there cause we saw some cars. But these things were after us so we ended up running and hiding in the non finished mall. And then we were all running from them and everything and then one of them killed Chris with a nail gun and started eating his body, and then at that point we all just ran for a guy and took his keys and left.  Then we got home and it was all okay for a few weeks.  But these things started attacking everywhere looking for us, and they had been killing everyone and devouring their bodys and shit, Unitll Me, Hannah, Katie, Nick, and the two people who had sent us on this journy were the only ones left. So those people ended up coming to find us and try to make a plan on how to kill these things.  But when we tried we didnt notice how many there were so we ended up dead. And then I woke up.  I duno it was a whole lot more freaky when I dreamed it.  But yea me and hannah need to get ready for Katie and Kelvins bowling thing we are going to at southtown.  Bye.
*Mary*