[the things you wanted]
I just got up after sleeping very fitfully all night. I had a series of really weird and somewhat disturbing dreams, and I kept waking up because of them and people outside and noises in the apartment. They were the sort of dreams like in the beginning of a horror movie, where all the characters have just been thrown together by some chance of fate, and you can see where the romantic tension is and where the hatred is, and then things start to happen and you start to realize that something terribly horribly wrong is going on, but you don't know why or how or anything yet. That mood was in every dream, and there were at least four, maybe more that I've forgotten. I remember trying to get through a dark garage with three other people whom I didn't like at all, but I needed to stay with the group, and we were being followed/chased by these bony mummy hand things - they weren't actively antagonizing, but it was like they were watching us. In the dream, I stepped on one, and it made this horrible sickening crunch, and the rest of my group looked at me and someone said, Oh shit, and then the rest of the mummy hands started to advance, at which point I said, Enough of this, and forcibly woke myself up, and I thought, Okay, I'm not going to think about mummy hands. I'm going to think about waterfalls and pretty people and maybe puppies, and then I did. The next dream had a puppy in the way beginning, but it also had a little man who appeared at the corner of my eye everywhere I went, but then disappeared the second I tried to look straight at him. People kept trying to talk to me, and I kept trying to go places, but I was always looking for the little man, because he wasn't right and I wanted to tell him to go away. It was so wrong and so creepy, and so weird because I NEVER have dreams that actually disturb me. I mean, I've had weird dreams, and dreams that might be disturbing in imagery but not emotionally, but nothing at this level since I was very young. I'm not really sure what to think about these.

And now to class, to which I'll probably be late, but I wanted to write this entry before I didn't have time to anymore. Also, a note to say that yes, I am back at Temple, and my dear wonderful father braved the Thanksgiving weekend traffic to drive me back, so I didn't have to take the train again. Oh joy!

I'm hoping that there will not be any glimpse of mummy hands or little men in any class today, or I might have a panic attack. Here we go.