Fuckin' Pissed
Life goes in cycles. I hate that. Sometimes. I mean, if the "good time" cycles were always longer than the bad ones, then I'd always love it. I'm glad life goes in cycles, because it means that in the future, I'll probably be really happy about something again. So here's why things are in a "this is shitty" part of the cycle right now.

I REALLY wanted to do the MS 3-Day Challenge Walk in June. It's a cause that actually matters to me, and it WOULD be a challenge. The other factor in my wanting to do that walk rather than the others is that instead of having to camp out in a tent in some park, walkers get free hotel accommodations at a Marriott. Nice! Well, unfortunately, you have to have medical insurance to participate, which I do not. FUCK! I am so mad about it.

The reason I'm superpissed, though, is because I always wanted to have kids three years apart. I think that closer can be too close for comfort (more fighting), and if the age difference is greater, the older child might already have established a mental identity as an "only child," and it would be crappy to have the house to yourself for so long and then have some younger sibling come along "out of the blue." Well, Michael basically told me that we can't afford another kid right now. This is true. However, one of us is working and one of us is not, and I'm NOT the one who's unemployed. You do the math. I haven't completely given up hope, but it's pretty close. I mean, for a next child to fit into that three-year plan, we could wait more than three months, but how much is financially going to change in such a short time period? I feel like my whole fucking life got screwed up in a day, and it SUCKS. I'm so pissed! If we don't do what I'll half-jokingly call "The Three-Year Plan," then I don't want to have another kid at all. It will be too hard to lose all of that weight when I'm not as young, and I'll be too damn old and tired to try the newborn thing again. Don't get me wrong; Ava is the best daughter I could ever have, and I enjoy her more than I can express. I just wanted her to have a sibling, because I know how special that is. Everything is fucked, my family will always be short that theoretical member, and I will probably always be resentful and angry at Mike somewhere deep inside, even if I somehow manage to keep that from showing on the surface. FUCK THIS! FUCK EVERYTHING! What's the point of even getting married if I don't even get another child? The only difference it made is that now we're "official" and "on paper." Oh, and he's now entitled to split everything with me. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK! THIS SUCKS! I HATE HOW STUPID AND SHITTY THIS IS! FUCK EVERYTHING!