pure anger and disbelief
I am soooo supremely cheesed off! Yesterday, we went to the grocery store (payday, y'know) and  had to get on the boys about keeping an eye on their sister. About 4 times. Then we're at the checkout,I'm loading the belt and Hubby has to lecture the boys on why it's important to keep an eye on a 15 month old toddler who can runout of the door while you're gabbing with somebody you know from school.I have Hubby come over to help haul the packages of 32 bottles of water out from under the bottom of the cart, cuz I'd most likely kill myself trying, then as I'm hunting through my purse for my wallet,-oops, I forgot it! (renewed memberships online and forgot to put it back) so I'm like, "honey, you need to pay. I don't have the card" Ok, he steps up to pay (I'm stuck behind the cart, in fron of some lady) and he tells Stepkid (by name) and suggests to Jae to "watch the Peanut while we pay for groceries" How hard is this???? Let me tell you:  I happen to look up, after hunting my coupon out of the bag, and glance at the big window in the front of the store (you know, the one by the door...) and my brain stops. I see a small upper torso with unruly hair and overalls, and shreik "Hubby! Peanut's OUTSIDE!" By the time he turns around, the next thing I can utter is "She's in the STREET!" HE is out the door and grabbing her from some lady outside who should be put up for sainthood, while I am sputterring at the boys (who were supposed to be watching her, remember). Off in the logical side of my head, while I'm yelling, I am thinking, gee, how lame is this punishment? But the gist of it was: Grounded for 2 weeks, game boys are mine and be lucky I don't beat those B-hinds till they fall off. Yep, lame-O. They just looked at us like: oops. were we supposed to be doing something? Justifiable homicide?????? nearly. They haven't been punished yet. We were too mad, but it's coming. They're kitchen slaves this weekend, provided they survive, but they don't seem to care. I'm just grateful the older lady who was driving saw Peanut and stopped before anything awful happened.
THEN, when THE SPAZ B-yach calls to talk to Step-Brat, he proceeds to complain that he's grounded for letting his sister wander out into the street, like we're these cruel people, and heck it wans't that big of a deal. AND SHE'S 'Aww, poor baby" at him! I could scream!!! If I din't hate her before, HA, you can imagine what i'd like to have happen to her. (could someone pretty please shoot her out of a torpedo tube, inthe middle of the Atlantic...PLEASE!
Need some sanity, here.....Hubby got to work out some of his agression last night, as one of his buds from fighter practice came up to swing swords, but ME? NOPE! Needing some way to deal with this!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!