Don't hate cuz my tan is better!
Yeah I'm very tan, or that is how I like to put it to you pasty people.  I was confronted just about ten minutes ago with my lack of AA(African American) culture.  The person confronting me was actually as dumb as a rock and was really mad I wouldn't give him the universal black people hook up.  I told him I wouldn't come into his place of work and ask for that, wise up.  This obviously leads me down the thoughts of why my race is the only one so ignorant as to allow the slave mentality to dominate its current culture.  Why do we talk so much of how we struggled when we made it up, but tell someone else they have to too?  Why don't we help each other more?  Why don't we know the difference between being rich and being wealthy?  Why can't we learn how to save money?  Why are cars and clothes more important than stocks and bonds?  We can figure out street craps and how to hustle and flow but not the stock market?  Sometimes my people baffle me.  I am more than proud to be the races I am.  I am a black portuguese woman and I love it.  I understand how important religion is to both my cultures and why my crufix never leaves my car.  But why do I like weed and liqour so much?  Can someone tell me that?  Can someone tell me why I am always and forever an "oreo" when I know more about my cultures than the person accusing me?  And when can I stop believing those labels...when can I not be ashamed of liking ICP or System of a Down?  When can I stop being pulled over?  Driving while black is serious in MC.  Last year 12 times without a ticket...when can someone call that harrassment?  Maybe I should write a rap like Jadakis and ask why?

And when will I stop noticing people noticing Chad and I?  Why does it make me so mad when people stare at us?  Shouldn't I be big enough to ignore them?  Will they do this to my kids?  Will I always have to explain their lineage.  

This is why I listen to ICP, sometimes the aggression towards life has to get vented!