I Really Hate Doctors.
Dear god!  I went to the clinic today to see what was in my throat...and the doctor was a bloody idiot!  I told him I may have tonsillitis, so he looks in the back of my throat and says, "yeah there is something funny going on there" Then he went and checked my ears, why, I really have no idea.  Then he asks me if I've been tired, and I say a bit more than normal, and then he says "oh, you might have a cold, or mono, or maybe strep throat...."  He talked so fast, and I know for a fact I have none of those things!  Okay, cold yes, but that is not causing the nasty white bacterial growth in my throat!  He took a throat swab, and then prescribed antibiotics BEFORE he even sent the swab away to find out what it is.  What if it isn't bacterial! Huh?  Mono, is a virus, antibiotics don't work on those!  Moron.  And I was listening to him talking to some lady with her kid, and she thought her daughter might have whooping cough, so the doctors all like "It might be whooping cough, or it might be the flu, or pneumonia, blah blah blah.  So I'm going to prescribe you these antibiotics.  You can go off the ones your on now and take this instead incase it is this, this, or this."  Fuck!  I hate doctors that overprescribe antibiotics!  Kids have good immune systems, they can fight these things off, and if it's viral ANTIBIOTICS WON"T HELP!  This is exactly how multi-drug resistant strains arise, and then kill everyone!  Morons!  And they're not even trained in microbiology much at all, they spend maybe a month.  SO...STUPID!  Doctors are really useless, Sure they know human anatomy inside out, and sure they know symptoms, but ARGH!  Overprescribing is BAD!  Do they not KNOW this!? *smashes head on desk*  So I'm not getting the antibiotics until they phone and tell me I have something.  And they usually don't even prescribe anything for tonsillitis because it goes away on it's own normally, so until I'm bedridden or can't eat, I'm not taking anything!  Doctors...so...stupid!  This is why we have specialists, because doctors are useless!  Rant over.