just bitching
so, one thing that sucks about getting older is that you are forced to admit you have faults. and sometimes they are really stupid faults, and things you really don't want to have to admit.  

ok the 'other guy' (from now on referred to as OG) has been chatting with this girl. and wouldn't you know it, i'm jealous.  i'm jealous that what? he will not focus all his attention on me? well so what, he's been married for 9 years to a woman that is not me.  i can't quite figure out why i am so mad about it.  when he tells me that he's been talking to her i want to scream and not talk to him anymore. i wonder if it has to do with the girl too.  

she has a blog that i read and i just don't care for what kind of a person she is.  she is the kind of person who tries so hard to be a nonconformist, that she is the perfect picture of a nonconformist. does that make sense? do you know what i'm talking about? those people that are anti-establishment, tree loving hippies.  they try so hard to make it look like they dance to their own song but in reality its a dave matthews song and all the hippy kids are dancing to it.

so is that my issue? do i have feelings for him more than friendship? i imagine i do but i can't do anything about it.  am i mad because the best friend never gets as much attention as the girlfriend? i would say very very probable.  

and do you know what else about that girl he's been talking to? she's anti money.  because she's poor.  she is one of those that says she would be fine if her house burned to the ground and she was rid of all her stuff. she claims to wish for it to happen. she would be unburdened by stuff.  and OG is doing very well for himself and likes stuff. likes expensive cars and computers.  she says if she ever has money she will continue to be a bohemian and give away all the rest. well, thats very noble of her but i don't buy it and i think its stupid!  yes, i'm materialistic, so what.  

thats my rant for today.  i'm jealous of a dumb girl and mad at myself for being so stupid.