never knew things could suck this bad
well my valentines day sucked completely. i got sum stuff from my freinds and i was fine until i got home the guy i completely dislike starts buggin and talkin about how im nasty and how i have gonnerhea and stuff like that. ( i dont just ta let ya know) and all that crap. now the only reason he is saying this is because i refuse to go with him. so i get mad because he has been carrying this out for months, just harrassing me and egging me o to fight him and when i told him to get out of my face and told him about himself he got mad and triied to get his girlfriend (that he has trying to cheat on with me) to fight me. but get this, she is supposedly pregnant and a freshman. im a junior, who plays rugby, and works out three to five times a week. even though she is taller than me and maybe the same weight i would kill her!! i mean really what do i look trying to fight a freakin freshman. but anyway  hes goin on and on so i finally snap and tell him if he wants to fight me save it for when we are out of school and we are on our ow time because i dont have time to deal with his crap. so he goes fine i'll get at you when i get to my street. he then adds nasty bitch to the end. so i get home im mad so i go for a walk. he "runs into me" and starts talkin alot of shit.so come to find out we are in front of his house and he runs inside grabs the phone and runs out with his hand behind his back. me knowing he has something in that hand behind his back i back up a little bit. he pulls out his hand and ther sits a knife so me using reverse phsycology come up to him and say are you gonna stab me huh? and he goes i will slit your fucking throat. well i grabbed his hand with the knife in it and put it up to my throat and say do it then your such a fucking man do it  he then wimps out and goes fuck you bitch i will kick your ass. his cousin(my ex) then comes out and snatches the knife out of his hand and runs to his house to call his mom.(the annoying guys mom) and runs out to find me and the guy face to face arguing and im yelling saying if your going to swing then swing otherwise move on with your pathetic fucking life!and my ex is inbetween us saying knock it off you two!! and then they guy does a dirty move and swings over  my ex's shoulder and hits me in the face! so i try to swing back but my ex wont let me!so im trying to move him out of the way for a while and finally i get a clean shot and swing and hit the dude in the face like three times. by this time the idiot loses balance and grabs my hoodie and tries to pull me down with him and thats when i punch him in the face again and he falls in the mud. he is really  shitty now and he comes after me swingin but i stumble back and he misses......shit the bell rang i will finish this later