Anal rant
Alright, alright, for some reason Anime is really starting to piss me off, (which makes me feel terrible since I know most of my friends list has liked anime at least once in their life) and I think I may be beginning to hate it. Not not hate, just dislike. I still love classics like Cowboy Bebop and all that, but lately I've just begun to get disinterested. I mean, it kinda pisses me off, when people take 'anime' as 'serious art' because NEWFLASH it's not that hard to draw huge eyes and a delicate face. Try drawing real people and then MAYBE, I'll call you an artist. And also the whole happy one moment, extremely sad or angry the next. It's like, what the fuck? If I, personally, ever meet someone like that, I'd be extremely turned off and probably scared for my life. It also pisses me off when people are drawing, for example, a character from a book in 'anime' style. I just prefer my favorite book characters to actually look like the way they are described in the book, please, if that's not asking to much. And it's not the 'professional' drawn anime that gets me, it's the amateur drawings that barely resemble as plate of mashed potatoes, much less a person.  It also annoys me when people think anime is 'superior' than other forms of art. Excuse me, but Fruits Baskets has never moved me nearly as much as, say, Edvard Munch or Marc Chagall, and can safely say that it never will.

 AND, what's with the boobs bigger-than-their-heads and waists-smaller-than-their-ankles girls? Do mangaist(word?) not appreciate the female body in all its glory? Sure, some girls look like that, but mostly their stupid vain bimbos. I've never seen a fat or hell, regular sized (normal breasts size, a WAIST, and oh god, maybe some hips too) girl in any anime. And why must all boys be either super cool hotties or losers who get nose bleeds ever time a girl walks be him? Those aren't the kind of boys I think are attractive, and I cringe every time a see another plot involving either of those kind of characters.

 I'm sorry, if I insulted anyone with this rant, but I just had to let it all out. And I repeat, that it's not all anime that I hate, I'm just beginning to grow out of it, I suppose.