Deep Breath
Fucking hell, I had this whole goddamn rant about being pissed off written here when my stupid dumb-shit computer decided to go ahead and delete it. That's another thing on my list of things that are pissing me off, that list that just got erased and I have to start a-fucking-gain. I'm pissed that I'm lonely, pissed that I'm pissed that I'm lonely, angry that I wasn't able to accomplish what I wanted in my program, angry that I have to juggle around some fucking hidden midterm so I can take a break this weekend. I'm angry that I can bear to look at the moon as itself and see nothing else, angry that I have to study for two consecutive midterms, angry that my lips are chapped and bleeding from cold. Angry that even though I have swimming to channel my rage, my body can't take the strain I'm putting on it and I do fewer and fewer laps, and those slower and slower for each day I try to continue my routine. 

Its one of those angers where you wish you were back in the wild, hunting something that could just as likely kill you. I want to find a leopard in the jungle and take it down. Grapple it, hand to hand, and beat it into pulp. Not for any reason. Just kill or be killed. Jungle reason. I just want to let out a prolonged internet scream. But of course, knowing my changeable moods, I'm starting to find my yelling funny for some reason. "Rar internet my life sucks; 4 people who read this make comments like 'o dun worry hun we <3 yoo so much don let life git yoo down ^____^' to make me feel better." You know and I know I'm not really angry at my life. I'm just tired. Tired of all the shit my head puts me through, yea, but also just plain tired. Lots of late nights, Nick, and they're taking their toll. Also getting angrier+= without telling anyone doesn't help you, so either talk to people or let go of your pain. And we both know that staying awake longer doesn't make dreams go away, it just makes them happen later on during the night. Jeez.

Once again, smoking would be super, but no cigs, of course. Goddamn it, took too long to write this I'm not angry anymore, just sad and tired. That's the worst, guys. Anyway, I'm going to go to bed now, because I'm burnt out. Nothing more to say here.

Fuck.