Sunday, Cruddy Sunday
ARGH, where did my weekend go? I can't believe tomorrow's already Sunday. And I REALLY don't want to walk to Hamilton tomorrow (and it'll prolly be raining) and work on my crappy schedule. I'd almost rather just do it the old fashioned way where you have a giant posterboard and a dozen of color-coded strips then sit there on the computer. Maybe I'm an anachronism but I'm STILL suspicious of computers for a lot of things. And a lot of the time they DO end up crapping out when you really don't need them to. Somehow it's just more annoying to have to plug this into software -- if I can do it myself, why the hell do I need a computer to organize it for me? I HATE COMPUTERS!! And don't bother pointing out the irony that I'm using a computer to publicize my hatred for computers. And let's not forget the fact that for this class we have to save everything to CD-R. I HATE CD-R more than I HATE COMPUTERS!!! I bought a pack of them, got them home and then they didn't even work -- there was something wrong with them and the store won't allow you to return them if they've been opened (although since they don't work I think I should be able to exchange them for a pack that work, but it's a stupid world). Stupid Hamilton. Stupid software. Stupid Sunday. Oh yeah, and I still haven't caught up on all the reading I was supposed to do. Why? 'Cause I'm LAZY ;-D Oh well, at least my Valentine's gift to myself (I bought MANIAC and EVILSPEAK) should get here on Monday. More gore for the roomie ;-D And City Confidential is on -- tonight is Chattanooga, Tennessee. City Confidential isn't just a cool crime show, it also helps me decide where I want to live. After the Memphis, TN episode, I wanted to move there the next day! I used to want to go to Portland, OR but after seeing it on City Confidential, it looked like an art school-type town -- it seemed like everyone was trying to put up the APPEARANCE of being eccentric and artsy rather than actually BEING creative and weird and most of the people they interviewed (it was a case about a gang of skinheads who murdered an African immigrant -- too bad it wasn't my art history teacher from last quarter instead of some poor innocent guy) were pseudo-liberal douchebags who just kept repeating, "Well Portland is so liberal, nothing like that every happens here!" Uh, sure because everyone in Portland is WHITE!! It's pretty hard to have a race crime when everyone is white, ERRR! Besides, most of the people who keep talking about how liberal they are really aren't. I think after the Iowass debacle I'm more determined than ever not to get stuck in a suck-ass place again! Umm, sorry, I went off on a tangent. I'm gonna sign off now.