school
 Alright, I hate school..everyone there is fake or preppy. Well besides me and my friends. Everyone just cares about current music and their boyfriends. Not only that but I see a bunch of skater kids wearing the heartagram (HIM's symbol)and they have never heard of the band HIM it sickens me. I wouldn't care if they listen to HIM and wear heartagram shirts but its different if they think its the bam symbol. I hate bam he's ruined everything for the band. Just last week they were on MTV. and HIM is from fucking Finland! Mtv ruins bands and I don't want that to ever happen to HIM. Okay I complain a lot about bam but anyways no one at school understands me they just assume that I cut because I get label goth a lot. Like yesterday some kid in my class was like "hey do you have a knive on you" I wanted to fucking murder him. I was like fuck off!. I get emotionally sick and feel like shit so thats why I don't go to school. and people wonder why...psh! But I stopped a while ago. :/. Yet at school I don't act like myself. I get really shy around a lot of people and start freaking out. Becauase I'm not very social with people I hate. Even at lunch when I sit at the table with my friends. I don't like eating in gernal but even when I'm around my friends I just stopped. I mean like, I wouldn't eat the school's food and I could bring my own but I don't want to. But usally at the end of the day Fen makes me feel better when I'm usally down because we have the last class of the day together. She sits right infront of me. Its very amazing. Like okay, when the teacher is talking and she says pick partners. Fen turns around and I nod my head and whisper yes. But even when we don't pick partners we still end up together some how. I hate most of those people in that class. They're not very nice and don't respect the teacher at all. Such as yesterday she brought in sea shells and a few kids in my class broke them without telling her. I mean does it really matter if you broke it? no but she looses respect from people if they're not atleast honest with her. Then usally after that class its locker time and I start huge mosh pits out of no where. Then wait for my friends and walk with them to their bus.  