Odd feelings
I dont know anymore.  It seems like everything i do ends up doing nothing.  I love to play magic, which makes everyone angry.  The people who dont play resent the fact that i play so much.  The people i do play get angry when i beat them, which is because i have like 8 years on the most experienced of them.  I dont know im just tired of being accused of things, especially when they arent true.  I love video games, and that never goes well.  when i play my mom gets angry cause im not doing obbsessive amounts of work.  i dont think she understands the work that i do.  she never quite gets how hard  i work to make sure i dont have to do homework at home.  When i dont play i get easily frustrated.  im just starting to get reeeeealy tired of all the responsibilities that are being piled on me.  i highly doubt anyone realises just how much i have to do.  just because you dont see me doing homework or chores or shcolarships or anything like that does not mean that i am not doing them.  It truly makes me angry that everyone believes that thier problems are so much better and harder thatn mine, and that what they have to say is always correct while im never right.  it makes me rather angry.  this world would be better if people learned to shut the f*** up u know( btw i blanked that myself i have cursing).  i just wonder when people are going to realise that no matter what you think one of these days im going to stop being so nice and understanding and start acting like everyone else, a selfish pig like jerk who enjoys making others feel guily and has no real kindness in thier heart.

By the way i mean everything i say here.  If you think i dont mean everyone when i say it dont kid yourself.  I think very lowly of people who denounce things because they dont like how they sound.  Amy i also mean all those times when u dont listen.  I exist too, not only to do what makes u feel nice.  I dont have this obbsessive need to see each other like every week.  quality not quantity.  and NEVER touch my car or its ignition or you will not be riding in it again.  Reckless endangerment, not fun.  

enough ranting,
          Sir Palao