wow
today has been such an awesome day

i woke up at 1:30 and realized how much homework i had, then found out i couldnt go upstairs for another half hour cause my mom was having a serious talk with someone.  then once i could go upstairs i found myself too sick to really eat, and then i found out i had two or three times more homework than i thought.  i also find my math to be impossible.  i'm too distracted to do my work, and the library closes at 5 on sundays.  i couldnt find a very important sheet (then i did find it) then found out that my movie project was a million times more time consuming than i thought.  then i went to try to rent the longest day but i forgot that every other person in my history, no doubt, is doing this at the last minute as well and it wasnt at video droid or sliverscreen.  i'm too angry and frustrated to get anything done, and all i want to do is shower and talk to my mom.  but every time i have an oppurtunity to talk to her i dont feel like it.  i hate school and i thought i was doing way better but i've let go of all that already.  i have a big science test tomorrow, a big project that i havent even started and don't understand or care about due in math, that no one did last year so i cant copy it from somone else, and a big project due in history.  all in the first three periods of the day.  i have to learn my lines for much ado because we are doing a run through tomorrow.  i've been able to handle ugly weather just fine but i can't anymore and i really want it to be april.  i hate being in a bad mood and feeling like an angry person because usually i'm so happy and everythings funny and i have a million people in my life that cheer me up.  but i have all this stress and homework that makes me hate myself and i just want someone to say "i understand.  let's just lay in bed and eat brownies, you dont have to go to school tomorrow, i'll help you."  but who DOESN'T want that.  now i have no way to complete my history project, no interest in completing my math project, and apathy towards my science test.  and also i'll be going to sleep really late tonight because i woke up at 1:30, and even if i hadnt, i have SO much homework!  and the other night when my mom picked me up she told me that katie got mugged and the guys who did it took her purse...which had her sketchbook in it.  that she'd just finished.  a year and a half of katie's AMAZING artwork.  yeah that was pretty much exactly what i'd wanted to hear.  basically i've decided that i just need to give in and bake some brownies and eat them and take a shower and talk to my mom and maybe try to fit some work in there.  fucking shit, i'm glad i'm allowed to cuss again cause i need it today.