
Fuck, I got called fat twice yesterday, I think shirt makes me look fat, what a shame. My classes are slipping fast, it has all got to do with taht damn bus. I hate taking the bus to school, I always end up missing it, and in turn, missing my classes. 

So last night I went to The Roms show (aka Jesse, Cameron, Adam, and Jons band). I didn't realize how long it has been since I saw them until we got to talking, it doens't like alot has change, but in a big way it has, I don't know, I think we all becoming adults or something, I don't know about me and Sam, but everyone was acting older. The preformance was pretty good, but I think they could of done better, but I am always like that, because I know they are capable of great things. All the other bands pretty much completely sucked, minus Goodspeed. They had a 7 person ska band with a saxaphone, trombone, and trumpet player on top of two guitars a singer and a drummer, it was so crazy, I really liked it. So I got a cd from the be singer later that night but now popping it it, I realized they gave me a blank cd, those fuckers XP.

After the show we did the post show ritual of going to Sharris. So we all talked amoungst ourselves till the food came. Yay I thought to myself a garden burger, I am so hungry, but then when I bit into it it was as hard as a rock. So I had the lady make me a new one, so she brings out another one like a half an hour later, I find out, its meat, by then it was like way too late, so I was like fuck it and told them to just cancel my order. It was really disipointing. But I tipped the waitress anyways, because she was a good sport. And I can still hear the buzzing in my ears from the show.

This week has been so hectic, to spite it going by so fast, I am just about ready to say fuck you day and go back to bed. Something needs to really change, I hate being on the go all the time. I don't have enough time for school, sleep, or a relationship. Something has got to go away for a while. Before I get bitchy and mad all the time. Loniness sucks...