Attention Whore
I've been under a lot of stress lately. Portfolios are killing me, and this semester isn't turning out to be quite the piece of cake I though it would be. English, depsite being one of my favourite courses as usual, is a huge and heavy workload and I'm having trouble getting things in on time because of all the other things I've been busy with. I've had a headache all week from the stress and I'm doing this teeth grinding thing which makes my jaw lock on occaision, which is oh so fun. I'm freaking out and I don't know what to do. I'm terrified out of my mind about portfolios and making them good enough for university, and I think part of this comes from not having anybody tell me what to do. I've been told what to do my entire life, and now I'm totally on my own. I have plenty of references of course, my parents can help me with the basics, I have art teachers to talk to if necessary (although I wouldn't talk to Root unless somebody held a gun to my head) and the university websites provide information, plus people to talk to; I've been talking back and forth with a woman from NSCAD getting all my questions answered. I'm still scared shitless though.

But the worst part? I think I'm enjoying it.

It's disgusting. It's not that I enjoy being stressed, that I could do without. I think that I enjoy being able to say I'm stressed, to be able to list off the bajillion things I have to do and have other people empathize. I get attention from it, basically, and I hate that. I hate that after all these years and all these personal changes and things I've been through I still remina the one thing I've been since I was little: an attention whore. No matter what the situation, I'm twisted enough to be able to get some sort of attention from people out of it. Sympathy attention is the easiest to gain, so I go for that, making my life seem terrible and like I'm about to explode from stress. I very well might at this point, but that's not what I'm getting at. I hate myself for being an attention whore still and I want to get it out of me.

And the sickest part of this? I'm half hoping that somebody I know will stumble upon this and feel even more sorry for me. This is just revolting.