
I'm angry and hurt right now. I take Monday nights off to go to an acting class with a teacher I really respect and admire. Yet, it seems she goes out of her way to reward the fuck-ups and losers who aren't serious about the work we do in class for being irresponsible. Those of us who show up on a regular basis, ready to do the work and grow? We get shafted. We either don't get to do any improvs until the end of the class (when the afore mentioned losers have all left because they didn't feel the need to respect their classmates and stick around) or else we don't get to do anything because the aforementioned you-know-whos have deigned to grace us with their presence so they simply HAVE to be let to work and everyone else can just sit on it.
Now, this makes my teacher sound pretty vindictive and heartless. Not so. She is the very soul of empathy and compassion. A little too much. No one is penalized for truancy (which, because of the nature of the class, really fucks things up) no one is penalized for tardiness and no one is penalized for generally being disrespectful of her and their classmates time. I love my teacher dearly, but she needs to grow a little backbone. I know she wants to make everyone feel good and help everyone, but she's doing it at the expense of her more committed students.
Granted, I'm not going to be a hypocrite and say I'm perfect, but no one is. I give up a night I could possibly earning money (that sounds a little dirty) to come to this class, and if I'm not going to get to do any work in favor of some dipshit, I would really like to know so I can either stay home and work around the house or see if I can pick up an extra shift. I'm sorry, but I find nothing fruitful from spending my time watching a total dilletante fuck around. 
I guess my teacher would be happy to know I'm finding the hurt within the anger instead of just focusing on the anger. The thing is, I never piped up because I felt selfish by expressing these feelings, but tonight I found out I'm not the only one. I'm thinking of e-mailing my teacher, but I'm going to wait until my fingers stop immediately typing 'dipshit' and 'fuck' every two sentences.
Sigh.