UGH
well this weekend was going well right up until this morning. My mom is an @ss. she's always hated my dad's side of the family and therefore puts up a comotion and fight whenever we are invited to go over there, like we were today, to see a cousin we havent seen in years. A first cousin at that. Anyway needless to say we didnt go because of her b!tching and her effing attitude. She makes my dad feel like crap and makes the whole family miserable. My sister came home to see this cousin, she goes to school 2.5 hours away. she came all the way home for the weekend to see this cousin that we didnt end up seeing. My mom is a witch. she can really be stubborn and very opinionated and i hate those types of people. yeah she's my mom and i have to love her, but she has her moods, which is most of the time, where i feel like shooting a gun in my head. shes so impossible. Instead of spending the rest of the weekend at home, i left today around 130 to come back to school. if shes gonna make us all miserable im not sticking around for another day trying to avoid her tantrums. she really only thinks about herself and is very egotistical. im horrible for saying all these mean things, but honestly this is how i feel and they are not far from the truth. i felt like driving off a bridge today while driving back to BSC. not all of my anger, sadness, and depressed moods are from her, but im telling you she doesnt help the way ive been feeling lately, although she liked to take all of the credit this afternoon before i left in her screaming fest. Theres the selfishness and egotistical characteristics coming out again. my dad has to comply with her, otherwise he gets yelled at and they fight, which ended up happening today anyway, because she accused him of putting us against her, and so therefore she yelled at not only the three of us, but him also. she cant control us anymore, we are adults, 17, 20, and im 21. im so fed up with her attitude. i cant stand it, i really cant, which is why i came back to school earlier than i had planned on. but im ok with that. i really didnt want to be in her presence. she aggravates me.