I hate the world
I seriously HATE people. They make me angry. I don't understand how humans can be so fucking inconsiderate. There is no need for it! Why are humans put on this earth if we are intended to destroy it? Why do people do such stupid things? Why are people racist and prejudice? I can't even explain in words how pissed off people like this make me. Why be prejudice? Just because someone is gay DOES NOT mean you should like them any FUCKING  less. What the fuck is the point of that?!! People can't help who they are attracted to. In the end, it isn't hurting anyone. Something as innocent as liking someone of the same sex can make someone hate you. How disgusting! It makes me repulsed. 

In my Spanish class, there is this guy who asks questions a lot, which I see NOTHING  wrong with. Half of the class is always making side comment remarks such as shutup and I hate you. WHY?!! There is nothing wrong with asking the professor a question. What if you wanted to ask a question? What if people make fun of YOU. How the fuck would you like it?! The people in my class fucking piss me off and I'd like to give them a fucking reality check someday. This one girl I'm tempted to just punch in the face with her stupid side comment remarks. There's no need for that shit.

I'm honestly sick of it all. I'm sick of being treated by certain people the way I am. Why is it that I ask someone something and they COMPLETELY do the opposite? I can't even describe how mad it makes me. You can't even listen to something simple I ask? What do I get in return? Probably being taken for granted. If I've been very bitter lately, I'm sorry. I'm sick of my roomate, I'm sick of other people, I'm just sick of everything. I've had it and I'm about to break. I need a vacation, to go somewhere far, far away from here. I cannot trust people, I haven't for a long time and I have had my guard up a lot lately. I feel like I shouldn't have to do this but I do. It's the only way to make sure something isn't going wrong. I feel like I could kill someone right now. Maybe this is just all in my head, maybe it's me. Maybe I just need help. Who the fuck knows anymore. I'm done.