"rant"
This is my official rant .... I need to get it out of me now .
First off I am mad as hell at the fact that Matt came into this home and obviously used us and trashed my daughter and put her under such horrible stress that her health has declined so much that now she is down to only 19% of her lung function.And his new gf Rien made her so miserable and then her damn friends took over and wouldn't leave my dying daughter alone ! I am pissed off and mad as hell right now . She didn't deserve all of this crap and that is what they gave her and still give her . Look I am a mother bear and my cub is being threatened so i will come out fighting and believe me you really don't want that to happen (Matt you have no idea what you have started) . To Rien you best tell your little friends to cool their crap because it is harrassment and it is punishable by law . You are all very immature children and I think that all of you to treat a dying person like this is the most horrid thing a person could do . God and Karma will get all of you eventually .My daughter is now in the hospital and we are praying that she gets well enough to even get onto a transplant list now if not she may die soon . 
Do you people understand dead? That means that she will no longer be alive , breathing , laughing, eating ,only sleeping forever ....
 
I am angry and it is so hard for me to control it right now , I am trying to remain positive for my Kina and I always will because I will believe that she can beat this . 

On a positive note thanks to the new friends that have entered her life and to the others they know who they are we all appreciate everything you have done and continue to do for her . You really have no idea how much you mean to her and to me for helping my daughter feel a part of a pack and happy . 
I believe that certain people are brought into your life to help you heal , so yeah she will heal .

Please pray for Steph (Kitty) she really needs the prayers she is still in rejection and Kina is so out of her mind now over her that well she needs to pull through this too ....prayers for both will be greatly appreciated :) thank you