I hate stupid people
Just a small warning: Angry content ahead. If you read this, you may be offended. But it doesn't really matter, because&nbsp;I'm the only person that will read this amd I'm doing it for myself. To make me feel better. Some people really make me sick. Literally. I feel so nauseous right now. I think of some people and the things they've done and I just get a horrible taste in my mouth. I wanna just throw up whenever I think of them. I just want to get away from here and never come back. I'm so tired of everyone's bullshit and everyone being fake. I'm tired of people trying to make others conform just because they're different. I hate how some people try to make everything into a stupid popularity contest. I hate stupid people. I hate people who will talk to you when no one's looking, but when someone is looking they pretend you dont freakin exist. I&nbsp;hate people who&nbsp;get drunk&nbsp;on the weekend then come back to school on monday and tell the whole world what they did then get pissed off&nbsp;when people talk about them. Here's a friggin newsflash, dumbasses: If&nbsp;you don't want people to talk about you, don't make your buisness everyone elses! shit! I hate people that think they're "all that".&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I hate new hope. I hate people that won't shut up. I hate people that think money can bring them happiness. I hate people that&nbsp;use others. I hate bitches. I hate people who try to start drama. I hate people who pretend to be your friend. I hate peer pressure.&nbsp;I hate people who jugde other&nbsp;people without knowing them. I hate hypocrites.So basically, I've gone through everyone I know and decided who I hate&nbsp;dislike&nbsp;and what makes me hate dislike&nbsp;them. Some traits describe more than one person and sometimes one person is described by more than one trait. I just wrote it all down as it came to me and I feel a little better. I wish I could say names and describe the situation, but I know that will only end in more drama, because somebody might see this and freak out and have to&nbsp; go tell that person what I said about them. I&nbsp;should have written it on paper. But that wouldn't change anything. Nothing is safe anywhere anymore.&nbsp;I figured this was the best way to&nbsp;let it all out.