Puke...bleghck...
Wanna lose weight?  Babysit a sick, puking kid.  If there's one thing that grosses me out, it's puking.  I just can't stand it.  And the little girl has puked twice this week, and then a whole lot of diarrhea too.  Four times in the morning.  All within 45 minutes too.  My hands are feelin it from all the washing I have to do.  Sometimes I wish that the kid's parents would just stay home with her!  I mean, she's sick, pretty sick too.  She went to the doctor's yesterday and she has some kind of intestinal thing.  But then again, that would leave me workless for a few days if they were to stay home with her.  So I guess it's a good thing as well that they don't.  I hate their dog.  I don't know or thing that I've ever hated an animal in my life.  I hate that dog.  Or at least as close as I can come to hate.  I'll still pet it every once in a while, but it is such a spoiled little bitch!  Today she decided she was mad at me for not opening the gate for her to come upstairs with us right away, so when I went to bring the oldest boy home from school, she decided to eat every bag of bread she could get her paws on.  I don't think they were all complete, but she ate an almost full bag of rolls, and emptied two bags of bread.  Which I'm assuming were probably partial.  I dragged her outside, which is where she still is now, and there's no way in HELL I'm letting her back in.  So, after the dumb bitch was put outside, I started giving everyone their lunches.  Aviva tried to eat some mac and cheese, but after I'd say about one bite, I saw she was about to puke so I ran into the kitchen to try and get a bowl real quick.  I got one off the counter and ran back in to see the last of it spewing out of her mouth.
I'm tired of this.  I'm constantly worried about getting a cold, or some intestinal thing that I'm not even sure if I can get, and to have to deal with the poor thing spewing on both ends, while trying to get her to at least take some kind of liquid and whatever food she can hold down, worrying about her getting dehydrated, with a bitchy dog to boot, it's driving me nuts!!
I can't wait for this weekend, but I have to find something to do Friday and Saturday cause Owen has to do school stuff.  Ugh.  I am frustrated.