you = me </3
Mann i feel like SHIT.&nbsp;i was SUPOSED to hang out with Paul . But you know i sit there and bitch out my mom and make her take me and clean adn shit and he sits there adn goes "Oh yeah i'm DEFENTLY going (witch last time i checked defentally ment defentally.) But then he put me on hold saying ohh my rides gotta go do this adn that and i'm liek wtf and then hes liek i'll call u back adn i call him after a half an hour and hes liek "oh yeah were not goin tonight" i'm like WTF . and i yell at him cuzz you know he made me wait an hour (by my fuckign self) last week for him adn nwo he desides hes nto showing up at all. i hat ematt he sits there and says "i curse yrou relationship" and HE DOES IT EVERY FUCKIGN TIME. i fuckign love paul i hate this anger, but it pisses me off how he liek didnt even wanna hear it . nor did he caire. and that hurt he was like "well i'm sorry " adn i was liek "w/e..." cuzz u know thatworddoesnt fix fuckign every thing ya know. w.e man I dont wanna end it but i'm so angry I'm not sure what i want to do right now, God damn it dude i hate feeling like this!!! i mean I keep falling for these guy andi tell them u kno "i'm afraid to get close to you" adn there just like "its ok i wont hurt you" adn i know i've said i loved to a few guys. but theres only two guys i've ever toldi was inlove. and that was James and Paul. And u know after Fintogo you would think i would watched my feelings but NOOOOOOO i'm fuckign retarted. i dunno i mean the paul i ment isnt the paul i feel liek i'm with right now... and that fuckin hurts i mean theres so manynight after we get off the phone i cry cuzz i miss him . And thats fuckin pathetic. And i feel liek he does really caire. but just like he doesnt understand I'M FEMALE things liek this will anger us female as it would bother them. i mean when i tell him i'm gunna be soemwhere i'm there adn ON TIME. I dunno i think right now i'm just letting out anger . witch i need to do right now. I hate this distance.