
It's been soo long since i've written in here, or on here or w/e you say. Things have been pretty good lately, except for the fact that my mom doesnt seem to trust me. Its not like ive done anything in a looong time to make her not trust me. And what really pisses me off about everything is the way my brother gets treated. Oh, but now my mom knows what its like to be 16 and shit, so im guessing she didnt understand when I was 16? like wtf is that. So she's not really gonna remember being any age till its past me being it? Fuck her. 
on a happy note, greg and i have been together for 16 months tomorrow! lol wow the days go by so fast sometimes.
People are starting to turn 19 now, and wow is it ever shitty to have your birthday in december. The only big thing that i worry about, well not necessarily worry but iuuno how to say it, is when greg turns 19. Cuz jeff and mitch and zach will all be 19 so there i am left out in the cold. They will want to take him to the bar and shit and i hate that. Not the fact that he would be going to the bar, but apparantly, according to gregs boss who cheats on his gf repeatedly, once you start going to bars theres all these hot chicks and yada yada yada. I don't really care if he just goes to some bar/pub, but its places like the Vinyl or Tommys that piss me off, with the dirty slutty whores and shit. I mean, sure, you love me but go look at other chicks tits, cuz you know i dont have much in that department. Fuck it all to hell i really hate myself sometimes. Actually, not so much myself as the media and how they make it soo fucking important that girls are fit and toned and have huge ass boobs. oh but "no offense, if it was that big of deal I wouldn't be with you" like fuck thats like saying "no offense, but if looks were that big of a deal I wouldnt be with you" no offense? ya fucking right. That was especially something I didnt need to hear when I was already in a bad mood, way to kick me while I'm down. I know he loves me and everything about me, but it still sucks. Fuck everything. god dammit, one day I'm just not gonna be able to take anymore of this bullshit.
And i hate the fact that friends of mine liked greg more than a friend. especially, when they first of all knew i liked him, at the beginning, and then knew I loved him but yet still let their fucking feelings go on for over 7 god damn months! How the fuck could you do that to a "good friend" fuck you you fucker, you just lost a friend and won't be gaining this one back.