I HATE MY SISTER!!!!!!!!
the second one (i have two), T she is a bloody bitch sometimes and this is one of them
lets start from the beginning, my doc told me to rest after my day surgery and take it easy for a couple of days (he suggested a whole wk) so i did and am still doing. i didn't go to dance lessons on monday, karate on thursday, and piano today (saturday). my youngest sister did go to karate (since all 3 of us do that) but because i wasn't going, T didn't want to go either. she's always staying at home with. I REALLY DON'T LIKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it gets realli annoying. yesterday i phoned my piano teach to say that i wasn't going to go to my lesson but T was going. you kno what i found out today? i woke up at 12.45 and i hear a anime being watched. It's either my youngest sister or T. it turned out that it was T. because our piano lesson starts at 2.15 we have to go with our mum to work. I found T sitting in our rents room watching a freakin anime instead of far far away in another building with my other sister waiting to do piano. She didn't want to go coz i wasn't going. that bloody wuss! 
T has always been a goddamn wuss, she can't do anything for herself, she doesnt go ANYWHERE by herself without someone with her. the only thing she is good at is complaining, complaining and more complaining! oh and whining to get what she wants. She can be at it for hours and hours! believe me she's driven me insane with all her repeats and whines. it's a bloody good way of getting what she wants as well, she knows i hate it when she does it, she knows i hate ppl repeating themselves too much (unless i didn't hear them, then it's a different story). so by the end of it, i'll be growling yes so she'll get off my back. And you know what? she also does it at the most inconvinent times as well, like when i'm reading, writing or doing homework, i don't see her doing it when i'm watching tv, no, i don't see her doing it when i'm on the computer, she's a bloody BITCH!
there was something else but i forgot
humph, one things for certain, she is NOT my favourite sister at the moment