
Awkward, awkward, awkward, awkward, awkward. I don't even get him anymore. Like I thought I was his best friend. I adored him so much. Like he was awesome. I felt as if he really cared about me, no one else mattered. He meant sooooo much to me. He was just like my little brother, except without all of the fighting, just constant hanging out and doing things like best friends do. And now he's just so different and its so hard to accept. I don't want to in any way shape or form accept it. Have I changed? Is it me? What have I done to deserve this if anything? Was this my fault? Should I have stopped what happened on New Years Eve? My grandmother has even noticed that I never hang out with him anymore. I miss him so much. I want so many things I can't have. I sob over so many things I can't control. I'm so flustered on the inside but trying my hardest not to let it show on the outside. I want to be something I'm not, and I try everyday, and sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. What am I doing to myself? Will it benefit me? Am I even doing anything to myself? I feel so stupid about all of the things I've done. What the fuuckkk am I doing? I hate being harassed by Myke. It has to end it just has to end. All of my anger from all of the shit he says is just building up day by day. Whatever he says to me he tries to offend me with, and it works. Its so fucking annoying how he can just go on and on about white people this white people that. Its not even funny anymore becasue its gotten to that point where something bad is gonna come out of my friggin mouth. And if it happens in school I'm probably gonna get suspended after I'm through with him because I can say some mean shit too. It's getting to the point where I don't even fucking care if he tells all of the black girls at the high school I called him a certain word. He's pushing it. What the fuck, why is everything so mother fucking retarded. I'm sick of it. I just want to get sooo fucking angry and just get everything out instead of holding it inside or whatever the fuck I do with everything.