my mood has skyrocketed....straight down the toilet.
my moods like shit. i switch from my grandmas to my moms alothough i need a bag to stay at gmas cause all my shit is at my moms anyways. i go back and forth on convience and i left work at like 915ish and i came to my gmas. immeditaly shes grilling me and then i was like scarthing my arm( i have a bug bite) and like she starts yelling at me about exema and i how i dont take care ofm yself when i had a friggin bug bite. anyways so in the end im a horrible person and she goes upstairs loud enough so i can hear to tell my gpa im ungrateful and "why the fuck does she even fucking come here?!" "she lives with her mother i dont want her here" so i basically just started balling 

so theres this problem though my grandmother is a bitch...EVERYBODY has experieced her and knows shes like from hell.. but she raised me and wasnt always like that she was my mother. my best friend. now im starting to hate her i feel like a horrible person. she went to mount sini or w.e. in miami like a year ago if u guys dont know and they told her they saw something on her brain( she was suffering from memory loss) and that she had the begining stages of "Dementia" but she came home and told EVERYBODY that it was from stress and the dr said she was healthy and for some reason i belived her knowning full well that she was lieing. but then my gpa started to get cold hearted to me basically he thinks im making her problem worse and told me she has "Dementia" and that i was causing it or something of the sort. so now she randomly curses and forgets people she just met and tells people things OVER and OVER again and its heart breaking yet i still get pissed at her. i mean she does the weridest things and yells at me and i just cant control my anger so basically im venting on lj cuz for once i controlled the anger and didnt yell so yea...im just confused and to make matters worse my pop pop( gpa) basically HATES me now and like tells me mean things and makes fun of me horribly in front of my gma and when i bring it up she yells at me saying im lieing...so yea.


i only stay here cuz im worried about her and my cover story is the comp at my moms sucks and i need the printer even though i have one there. so yea. bascially i suck at life and im depressed about this now.