I'm so mad with the world!
I am so mad!  We have finally had an e-mail to tell us that Disturbed have postponed their gig yet again.
I knew this two weeks ago from an advert in Kerrang!, went onto disturbed's website and there it was the postponements, just them, no apology, nothing else! Fuck!

I am so narked at my son. he's so arrogant at the moment!  He had his exams results in, he got C for Law, an A in his psycology coursework but an E in the exam.....BECAUSE HE DIDN'T REVISE!!! Then he sits there and says "Well I'll be taking that again."  so I said "Oh, you will, will you? So we have to pay for the resit then?" Son "Fine, I won't take it again then!"  
That is not the issue, the issue is that he didn't revise, this is not the first exam we've had to pay for a resit and when I reminded him of that he said "You've only had to pay for one so far!"  So I reminded him that we never had to pay for Kirsty to resit any of hers.  He was livid and said "OH right throw that at me!"   I sent him to his room, if I hadn't I'd have lamped him one, I was so angry and hurt.
I got very upset because he made it sound as if I'm always comparing him to his sister...I have NEVER EVER compared them academically, I know he is different from Kirsty and that she is different from him, I rarely compare them in other ways either and very rarely to his face, because they are people in their own right.
I think the biggest problem with him not revising is his bloody g/f.  She is so demanding and rude!  She gets 'upset' if he doesn't spend time with her, I have no problem with them revising in his room, but they don't revise they mess about.  
They have been going out for a year now and she still won't ask us directly for anything ie drink, choccie biccie etc,if we are in the same room, she whispers to Jon and gets him to ask us.  She never says Hello or Goodbye to us...if we ask her something directly she will now answer us (she didn't used to).

I'm just ranting, and then on Tuesday I've got to go back to work and face more moody, stroppy teenagers!

I honestly feel like crying right now! I really don't know what to do, except that I must go and book train tickets to go to Leeds for Kirsty and Simon's Graduations, so I will go and do that and get infuriated with Virgin's website, not that it's a bad website, it will just give me an excuse to swear profusely...and how come I'm sorting out the bloody trains again...