
Its amazing what someone's death will do to you. Here I sit, been up all this time since 10 last morning and as the hours pass I become more bitter and bitter, this rage and hate seething through me like some sort of sick taste in my mouth that infects me. I can't sleep and I can't eat, it makes me feel even more sick when I try.

I'm seeing my father off tomorrow around 3 today. He's going to remarry Carrlea this coming June, telling me he regretted leaving her the first time! I was apalled, but I hid my anger, he didn't need anymore shit to deal with. He then goes on to ask me if I've found anyone; well FUCK, if I had I would have said something to him. He meant no harm, but he spoke as if I was 'behind schedule' and I needed to pick up the pace. I was so irate I swore I turned red in face, I could feel it. I don't know why all of this is effecting me so hard, I thought I could control it but it seems I can't. Whatever I'm suffering from I hope it goes away as quickly as it came. I can't stay like this, I'm angry, sarcastic or venemous all the time now and nothing cheers me up. I doubt anyone wants to read any of this, no one is very keen on hearing other people's problems (save a select few, thank you few) but I can't think of anything else to do. I need to run up to Moscow today and sell my bike. I heard there is a somewhat large demand for bikes, and mine is quite decent, but I don't use it.

Can't stop thinking about it all. Can't stop feeling angry. I can't find any way to vent this anger, so I figure I'll bottle it up like I always have done in the past, which seemed to work somewhat, though it may not be healthy. I'm finding out that leaving myself to my own devices is a bad idea, I can find little do and there is too much time to fill. Everyone seems to be doing quite well, and I drag on the bottom. I'm used to this feeling. It'll change, but until then this is how it seems its gonna be.

Dammit, I'm hungry. Need to get through this shit and continue on. Won't quit.