Where art thou new friends?
i need new friends. it's not because my current friends i usually hang out with are boring me, but because most of them belong to the same organization which draws a thinning line between friendship and professionalism. very fragile, it's getting scary. i am very fond of most of them (i don't know everyone yet), but i need to breathe away from them. we're often together during work and fun, and it's a bit suffocating me. i never thought i'd be one to say anything like this especially because i've been very noted to be loyal and shit like that, but i guess it's inevitable to look for something new.

what i hate is that i don't know where else to find new friends. i'm nearing my graduation (actually, 2 years more thanks to a silly little thing called shifting out), my faux block has split up after having no reason to stick together, and now that i'm a junior, my new so-called blockmates are mostly sophomores who tend to ostracize me just because they all know each other all too well already, and fine, i'm gettin a bit timid (again) and "tired" of befriending new people. that's my prob i guess. it's weird how i somehow get more antisocial as the years go. rationalizing it though, kinda makes sense. when everything and everyone is new, i want to try and meet them all, and then decide where to settle. i've done that. now that i'm settled, i want something else - something more. argh!

as of the true friends i've made from my first 2 college years, well, since we're of different courses now, we got different activities and sometimes, try as we might (yuck, how formal), it really sucks that it's a challenge to relate better. before it was always easier cause there's always something about school to discuss, now our friendships are being tested. shit, i miss my bestfriend and other bestfriends. college, school and social life wise is getting weary for me. i'm fuckin bored, and i got so much idle time.

well, i'm joining a new organiztion next school year. argh! i want to make new friends and i don't know where to start and i hate feeling clueless like this. i hate feeling clueless! and these days when i've become pretty comfy with my settled group, i feel kinda weird steppin outta my comfort zone. shit, in some way, i'm beginning to feel like a freshie again - the oldest freshie in the batch. fuck, i'm so fuckin old! haha! argh! again, i'm not where i thought i'd be at this point of my life. it sucks. from now on, i'll stop planning everythin ahead at the risk of gettin disappointed yet again. i just want to rant really.