
Ok so I needed to update. Ugh i'm so fucking fed up with him in every way, shape, and form. And i'm not even fucking with him! No matter what I do I still hate him just as much as I have since all of this shit happened. I a forgiving person too, but I just CANNOT forgive him. I feel like I could fucking stab him until he died because I hate him so much. He finds a way to piss me off no matter what. The random times that he decides to talk to me I can tell he's just being a prick. He acts and talks as if he thinks I want him but can't have him. I don't want a fucking asshole like him, all I ever wanted back was the love that we had. I just wanted the feeling of being in love again. I NEVER wanted his fucking dickhead attitude and how much he treated me like shit back. That's the LAST FUCKING THING I would ever want back. I just wish I could make him pay for how much shit he's put me through, through our whole relationship, and through all that i've been through since he dumped me. He has no fucking clue at all how much i've been through because of him. He has no idea how shitty I felt for the longest time and how I still do randomly and it just won't fully go away. It's stuck in my memory and I no idea when it won't be. I'm never going to be able to forget this and all I want to do is just fucking scream in his face and make him have a fucking nervous breakdown and fucking kill himself. I'm fucking sick of seeing him in the hallways and having all this hate bottled up in me. I just want to let it all out at him but I can't. Because if I did a little bit I know I would just go out of control and fucking punch him in the face in the middle of school. I always picture me walking up to him in the hallway and punching him in the face as fucking hard as I can or shoving him into a locker. I felt depressed for awhile after he broke up with me, but now I just kind of try to act like I don't give a fuck, because the more I think it the more I can really not give a fuck. I try to focus on the good times I have, and I do, but one little thing can just set me off to be really fucking pissed off and make me get in a really really bad mood. The thing that sucks really bad now is that he is just another thing that is on my list of things that really fucking piss me off or I hate. So it just make me even more pissed off because I have yet another thing that I hate now. And something I hate more than any of the other things. It just fucking tops it off. And I can do NOTHING about it. He just had to fuck up my life, he had to make me believe that things wouldn't be so bad, and then fucking just take it away from me. It didn't help that he had to give me hope that he would stay with me when he asked me back out, but only to fucking break my heart again fucking like 2 classes later. He's such a fucking dick head and I hate that he does things intentionally just to piss me off now. Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I FUCKING HATE HIM SO FUCKING MUCH I HOPE HE FUCKING DIES OR ATLEAST GETS THE FUCK OUT OF MY SCHOOL.