WELL. . .
It seems every entry I have written in here in a long time has been emo. Or, angered. Or sad. Pretty much unhappy, to sum all of those up. Well, this one will not be any different. Le sigh. 

Is it wrong of me to be angry that my brother just decides right now he wants to go to Mexico next year when that is my dream? It's been my dream for a few years now to someday go to a country like Mexico or Guatemala or the Dominican Republic where they speak spanish and do entry level missions for a year. I've been praying about it actually happening for over a year now, and I just got started talking with my youth pastor and looking up information a few weeks ago. I've been looking into things and still praying about all of this. When I told Chaz about the places I could possibly go, he says "I think I should do that." My response. "Why?" That may sound mean, but put yourself in my shoes: I've been praying and dreaming about this for the longest time. Finally, when the plan seems to be coming together, somebody steps in and says they want to steal my dream. Not just anybody, my brother. So, I ignore it thinking it's just an idea of his that will pass. But no. He comes up two days later and says "I've prayed and I'm going to Mexico." How can TWO DAYS of prayer give you an answer?!?! He's talked with Lucas about it, and now Lucas wants to go to!! He hasn't even considered what he'll do, through which organization, how he'll get the money, all of the little travel details and such. He hasn't thought about any of that! It's just an idea that appeals to him because he doesn't want to go to college. He's belittling my dream and making it seem like it doesn't need as much careful prayer and planning as I am giving it time for. I still have two more years to prepare, and he thinks he can prepare for this in about 4 months. Is it wrong for me to be angry about this? Because I REALLY am. grrrr. 

On a happier note, Sarah dropped by my house while I was at tennis apparently and had baked me a plateful of chocolate chip cookies. I discovered them after talking to Lucas and Lucas telling me I was being selfish about this year long missions thing. It was just what I needed. I am so happy for Sarah as my friend.