meh
Random update time. Apparently my indifferent attitude gets on peoples nerves sometimes. It seems that not having an opinion about everything or caring about every little tiny thing can be offensive. I really don't see why it should be. What's the point of having an opinion about something stupid, or something I don't know anything about? I just wind up looking like an idiot. As for the not caring part, not everything matters, so why get worked up over things. I try to be an easy going guy, anyone that knows me would agree. I try my best to be nice and not to hurt people's feelings or make them feel bad. But you know what? I can't do that all the time. I think I finally got that. So fuck it. I'm an insensitive bastard, and I don't care. I am what I am , and the chances of that changing are very small. I do have opinions and I do care about things, but I keep them to myself. It shouldn't matter to other people what I think about something. Hell, I'm an accomidating person, I'll go out of my way to make people happy. I'll do things I don't enjoy. I don't complain. So screw it. I'll continue being my insensitive self for a while yet. It works for me, it helps to keep me sane. If I actually cared for everything that happened, you know how FUCKED UP I'd be? But it doesn't matter, because I DON'T care about anything. Not that I don't care about anything, just most things. Not careing means it's damn near impossible to be offended. That may actually be what pisses people off the most I think. That I can offend people unintentionally, and yet no matter how much someone tries, they won't be able to offend me. Again, fuck it I say. If i got worked up over everything I would be me. I'd be some stupid idiotic person that gets into fights over idiotic things. Probably have been in jail by now since getting worked up over things means I'd get angry. I'm not a good person to be angry. As random as this all is, I'll sum it up. I'm an uncaring inconsiderate bastard, and I will continue to be one in order to preserve my own sanity. For those of you reading this sorry if it sounds aggressive but I felt like putting it down some where. God I hate being angsty.