Wherein I rage.  Just a little bit.
Fuck.

First, I hurt like a bitch.  Second I never, ever want to be in charge of an event again.  The Manitoba Liquor Commission folk showed up, and the event organiser wasn't there, and it was just all bad.  The whole event was almost shut down.  Being in charge of people sucks balls, especially when I've never been in charge of them before, but I have worked with them before.   Third, I still hate all those fucking drunken lugens, except this time the lugens were from the Nursing and Agriculture schools.  In case you're wondering, this combination is an odd mix of scrubs and cowboy hats, Eminem and do-si-does, low cut ho-tops and plaid.  I've also discovered that the lugens who try to insist that a double is not, in fact, a double, pale in the irritation-factor when compared to the guy who every single fucking time he ordered a drink asked for a triple.  Buddy, I'm not going to forget, m'kay?  It's law, I can only serve a person two drinks at a time.  Two drinks, in case you were wondering, equals out to be a double or two singles.  One single and a beer.  That's it.  I can't change the laws, and since the MLCC folk had already shown up and yelled at me, I wasn't going to invite their rage again.  Well, even if he was cute and had a nice ass.

I am eternally amused when I officially have some kind of an association with someone I am angry at, and they bring up closely associated to the association I have.  Point in case, a "friend" of mine destroyed one of my books, and I politely, through an e-mail format, as for this "friend" to replace it.  Recently this "friend" posted about their top five recently read books.  I have yet to receive any sort of response to my e-mail, and my irritation and rage (as ,  and  can attest to) over this lack of communication and lack of new book showing up on my doorstep is increasing exponentially, day by day.  As such, seeing the post regarding books from this person has set my rage levels off to a whole new level doom-rage.

And now, I will channel my new-found doom-rage into cleaning my apartment.  I want to fucking punch something.