Early morning thoughts
I'm just waking up this fine morning.  I plan to go out and get me a few geocaches today, but also have stuff around my apt I need to do to.  Cleaning, what fun!  Oh, ya, I might be going to Chucky Cheese to with Dave and Sean.  This will be their fist time meeting, but since they both have kids, and close to the same age, I figured why not interduce them.  A lot of things have been going through my mind lately, especially since I ran into Katie in Walmart the other day.  I just keep going over everything again and again.  I don't understand why she felt the need to lie to me.  No matter what it was (almost anyway), I can forgive her for it.  She just needs to come and tell me and deal with me being upset for a short time.  Everyone will get upset from time to time, but what means the most is that she told me and didn't hide it away for me to discover on my own.  Lying is a way to make me so mad at you, that it is almost impossibile for me to forgive you.  Also, if she did love me so much, why didnt she do something to show me that she loved me.  What I mean by that is start deleting yahoo accounts, call and get your phone number scheduled to be changed.  I needed some kind of action.  I told her what I needed from her.  I was so upset at the time, that I couldn't just say that "if you do these things for me, it'll make things up to me."  If she would have done that, I would never have found that letter to Chris talking about having sex with him while we were seperated last year.  I guess its good that I know the truth.  I've always had a feeling that there was more than what she said, but I loved her and decided that feeling was nothing but my insecurities at work.  I just want to find someone that can be 100% honest with me.  That can tell me something that will make me upset, but deal with the fact that I could be upset for a few days, but knows in the end it will make me trust them so much more.  That is the kind of person I thought Katie was.  I want someone who will see that something is bothering me (i.e. finances, or christmas isn't turning out right) and realize that perhaps its getting me down, so she wont go looking online for a new man, or meet a guy online and then meet him in person behind my back.  Oh ya, and have him call whenever I'm at work, and never tell me about it.  Are these things I ask for so hard to find in a person?  Am I asking too much of people?  I came back from Iraq earlier that my unit to get out of the army to stay with her.  I was half tempted to stay for longer, but because I thought I would be with her the rest of my life, I came back to make a new life with her.  I sometimes wish I had never said anything online to her.  I sometimes wish I had never met her.  But I am finally starting to see some of the good things that we had at one time.  I've learned a lot about love from her, but right now I still have a lot of hate in me for what she did.  It's going to be a long road till that hate is done.