Man o man
So look, i got a live journal. I THOUGHT IT might be good because not as many ppl have this as freaking myspace & i dont want everyone reading my thoughts. Which is what i need to get out right now. I rele can't wait for college, for a fresh start. I feel like i Have way many passed judgements about me that just bog me down. I feel like people use me and only call me to do things for their own benefit, ppl usually dont say O i i have sumthing totally planned come do it with me. it's always reliant on me to do evertying, plan it all & when i dont its like u must hate me.
God. This weatehr is rele rele rele getting ot me, this week I've jsut felt so depressed. theres so much pressure on me to do well in swimming and such & i am not going to be able to come very much now bcuz of Harvey rehearsals, which kinda suck, but im enjoying the play. I jsut can't wait for the weather to be beautiful and sunny and for it to RELE be spring.
I'm going up to Oregeon Next week for the Shakespeare fest. should be fun.
I'm so mad that my prnts wudnt let me go to the battle of the bands in SF tonight, bcuz i had such a boring night driving around & going to the very end of a CCA concert. ehh. Some weeknds are jsut a lot more fun than others, last weeknd was pretty fun.
 ijust feel like some of my friends jsut rele don't care about me & also im soooo sick of beeing judged and having a reputation. I'm sick of ppl not aknowlging me and having to be unheard sumtimes. So many people don't even realize how outgoing and crazy I am like all the time. 
So college is on my mind a lot too, DAvis or SC? and ive been pretty much planning on SC for the past 2 yrs, but mom and dad rele want Davis,i dont blame them, but SC is so much more desireable for me. it feels like my home, whenver i go there, im soo happy 7 i rele hope some of my camp friends end up goign there too. aw i love them and miss them so much right now.
I Am mad i have to miss the lock in were hosting bcz of convention, gah. o well.
So anyway I'm not entirely sure how this whole livejourna l thing works, but I'm sure I'll figure it out. XO