
Alright, this is a rant.&nbsp; If you don't want to hear me rant about school (or you're Meghan and have heard it) go ahead and skip over the cut and go straight to everything else.
I.  Hate.  Mrs.  Smith.  Okay, so today in math, Mrs. Smith comes up to us and says get out your notes I need to teach you something.  Everyone in the room I'm sure was thinking the same thing: omgwtf?  The midterm is Thursday, why is she teaching us something new?  So she pulls out this PreCalculus book and starts to explain that there is something in the supplement part of the midterm that she didn't expect to be on it.  As kindly as I can, I ask, "Was this on the standards."  She said that yes it was.  I asked, "Then why didn't you teach it?"  She said it was because she didn't figure it would be on the test.  What the hell?!  If it's on the standards you can be sure they will cover it on the midterm or final.  So, she begins to teach it.  She ended up teaching us four new concepts.  Now I have no idea what they were called because I titled the lesson in my notebook: "What she should have taught us but didn't because she doesn't care".  But it was something that involved fraction/equations/systems that we had to multiply, divide, add, subtract, and simplify.  Did I mention that this is half of the final she is teaching us three days before?!  Anyway, she took all hour teaching and then went on to give us homework out of the PreCalc book.  *sigh*  I hate her.
Alright, in other news... Tomorrow is the the debate in social studies and I think I have a good chance of winning.&nbsp; I mean I've convinced Saswati that Michael is debating and not me so she thinks that she can underprepare and do fine.&nbsp; Little does she know that our secret weapon is the fact that I'm going to do the debate and not Michael.&nbsp; She's screwed.&nbsp; *laughs evilly*Hmm... what else?&nbsp; I have a lot of homework and I'm not too happy about that.&nbsp; The best part of my day was social studies, and that's saying something.So, I'm off to kill Unicorns!!!