aaarrggghhh!!!!!
I'm depressed damnit. I'm disappointed in people and disappointed with myself. I hate it hate it hate it. I haven't cried for no apparent reason for a long time (okay so there are reasons but they are mundane and don't ordinarily make me this sad) and I don't want to do it again!!! Sigh.

And today, when I was supposed to spend the whole afternoon vegetating, watching DVDs and eating endorphine-laden chocolates with Ryki and Bodge, my dad says he wants me to go shopping with him and my brother, who managed to convince him to buy him ANOTHER pair of shoes for the NTH time! Tomorrow na lang daw kami mag-DVD watching. Okay, so doesn't he know by now that my Saturdays are sacred? That I ALWAYS spend my Saturdays with my boyfriend? And no I have to postpone it to go shoe shopping with my wholly self centered younger brother who already has multiple pairs of shoes when I cannot understand for the life of me what in the world makes him deserve another? 

I'm also totally pissed at my mom who's been texting me about how wonderful Rome is and how BLESSED she feels at getting a seat very near Pope Benedict during the installation of Cardinal Rosales, and praise God and all that. Well I'm happy for her, but I can't help but text back, "Please remember that your family is an even greater blessing." Um, di niya na-gets. My sister has been locking herself up in the bathroom of the Eurotrail sobbing in sheer misery at how cramped their cabin is, how she feels like throwing up most of the time because my mom was too cheap to get better accommodations when she can well friggin afford them, and how Pau can't tell her anything because she's on a whole different holiness plane where you sacrifice every day comfort for the love of God. I'm am so PISSED OFF.

Okay, that's why I'm depressed. These and a lot of other little things. And I know they're terribly mundane and there are people with bigger problems and children suffering all over the world and wishing for world peace. And I know I have a gazillion reasons to be happy. But for the next couple of hours I don't care and shall wallow in angst. 

Tomorrow will be a GREAT day.