The fates are conspiring against me
I don't want to do anything ever again!  I hate my teachers right now.  They should all die.  I have something do or a test every single day next week except for monday.  Given, I could have started my art history paper earlier, but I didn't so I'm stressed. 
Grrr. and I agree with Nat's rants on guys.  They suck.  My dad got pissed at me last night when I tried to bring up (nicely) the fact that he had left me at my mom's house again with no way to get to his house.  I was at the gym and I didn't know what time he was going to get there because he never told/called to tell me.  If I had known I would have gone to the gym earlier.  Duhhhhh.  I'm not so inconsiderate that I would go to the gym at a certain time if I knew you were going to arrive while I was there.  He had the nerve to turn it around and make it my fault.  Self-centered, narcissistic, ass!!!!!!!!!!  Then he asked me this morning if I went to bed mad (i went to bed early).  No shit genious of course I went to bed made.  You yelled at me, tried to make it my fault, and made me cry.  So yes I went to bed mad.  Of course I didn't actually say that to my dad, that would have started another fight. Grrrrr.
Then no one wants to go to the movies with me.  My mom won't go, my brother won't go, and my mom says I can't go with anyone else unless I can get home by 11 because apparently that's my curfew.  The only nice guy in the world right now is my cousin Matthew.  He was very sweet to me at dinner on Thursday.  He said I looked pretty and that all the guys will be jumping all over me in college.  I hope he's right.  I'm sick to death of not dating.  Isn't that what you're supposed to do in high school?!  But no, not me.  No guy likes me as anything more than a friend and it sucks.  And on top of that, the guy I like is 2 years behind me in school.  And he doesn't even like me that way (or at least that's what he told me).  Grrrr. Why can't I find a guy my age who likes me and I like him??  Then everything would be peaches and cream.
The only happy thing is that I'm having a party 3rd period on Thursday and we're going to arizona for spring break.  Other than that, my life sucks this month.