Everyone's Nuts
HONESTLY, sometimes I&nbsp;think I'm the only one with a brain anymore. Which isn't to say I'm perfect, because I am FAR FROM PERFECT. I just don't understand how people can BE the way they are. I mean, doesn't anyone ever put a mirror up to themselves and&nbsp;think "this is not who I want to be. In fact, the the decisions I've been making are just wrong and make me incredibly unhappy."&nbsp;Sometimes I wonder if &nbsp;I'm&nbsp;really depressed, or just&nbsp;overly critical?&nbsp;I just hate so many things. Hate to the point of SEVERE irritation. I look at&nbsp;people and think - how could they be content with that life? And my friends. They've turned into these mutations of their former selves that I can't even relate to anymore. And if people who were once that close to you can change (personality-wise) &nbsp;so drastically - how can you ever expect to find&nbsp;lasting love? I've yet to have a friend that hasn't totally turned on me. I'm not looking for sympathy, just answers. Change is inevitable and I know that. I don't even mind it. I just mind when someone changes from a kindred spirit you could count on, to a person who doesn't really give a damn. I want to know how that happens. Maybe if I knew I could stop it. Or feel better about it. I don't know.Some of my friends wonder why I don't try harder to get into a relationship. "Why don't you want a boyfriend?" And it's not that I don't want one, I just can't see putting all the time and effort into a person who's inevitably going to turn on me. So many people are in destructive relationships that began perfecty fine, and are&nbsp;now continuing brutally&nbsp;because they've both put so much time&nbsp;into and just don't want to be alone. They think they can change them, or it's only a phase/rough patch, or "I know he cares, he's just going through a hard time right now," or -&nbsp;you don't see how he is when we're alone (and that is&nbsp;NOT directed towards the person who will think it's directed towards them).&nbsp;I don't expect things to be perfect or even close.&nbsp; But if you're in a relationship both people should be putting in effort to make it work if they supposedely care. Do me a favor - if you're in a relationship and the effort to keep it&nbsp;strong and together is all&nbsp;one-sided - GET THE FUCK OUT. Whether you're the one holding on or letting&nbsp;go - just do everyone a favor and&nbsp;get out.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ok, I'm fucking tired and this is going nowhere. However, future posts very well may be this aimless and angry. I suppose LiveJournal is something&nbsp;of a relationship too. I'm here and so are you. If you don't like what's happening - do us both a favor and get the fuck out.&nbsp;Good night for nowPS - The new Sureal Life makes me cream...