You know how you can tell that I'm mad?
My hands tremble with anger, and pulsate with ice cold blood.

Damn Lorraine is at it again being a bitch. I caught her talking about me. She was telling Robby how many animals I have, which yes I have a lot, but we don't need to make a headline out of it. Anyways I heard her, and I said nicely "Are you talking about how many animals I have?" She goes "Too many!" (in an angry tone) so I said "Well that's none of your business how many animals I have." So she said "Well I was just telling him we weren't making a big deal out of it!" "Well it must be if you're making an entire conversation out of it." "FORGET IT! JUST FORGET IT!!" I said to her "Oh ok I'm hearing things! Yeah ok just storm off and bitch about me, I make your life so miserable!!" Then she got even huffier and started her way stomping up the ramp huffing, puffing and cursing and throwing boxes around like a 5-year-old. I just stood where I was and shrugged. Whatever that stupid bitch will get what's good for her. Turn about is fair play!! Some days she has the worst case of bitch syndrome I have ever seen! All I know is if she tries to be a bitch to me again I will say something. I have grown a spine in the time that I have worked here, I will use it! It's a steel one, so she'll know what's up when I'm done with her ass. I know she'll probably say something stupid again to me, or behind my back and I will catch it, and I'll just march right over to her and point my finger in her face and say "You don't need to talk to me like that!!" She needs to realize that she can't step all voer people or she will get a taste of her own medicine. She also needs to learn how to gossip more discreetly! 

I'm pissed, and yet at the same time slightly amused. It's a hard feeling to explain, but I have never seen such a case of erratic human behavior in my entire life. It's almost like I am observing a guinea pig, on drugs, angry drugs, I make myself laugh thinking of her that way. At the same time she needs to get off her high horse because I know dirt on her I can throw in her face. Let's see if my too many animals is any match for a workplace affair with a married man! Take that bitch!