If i knew how to delete the last comment i would
so the other day she made me so happy...promised that when she saw him that night things would be good for me...FUCK THAT.. they were so good for me that she was with him till 5:30 in the morning, never left me a message, never said anything, not one thing at all until like 7 the next day when she went nuts on me for having an awaymessage that said "she wont be yours for long" now she's pissed and im not allowed to say anything to her that makes him mad... Fuck him! he tells me they have sex and she supposibley gets mad at him, well that night she hangs out with him, so mad huh? but i see her one time in 6 weeks and say that and im not allowed to talk to her again. If he is so confident that he has something i dont have then why does he care if she sees me? If he trust her so much then why dont he trust her to see me? If there relationship is so good then there should be no problem with her seeing me! Instead he tells her "im sorry for saying that, i know its none of his business, but he makes me so mad when he writes stuff about you, it makes me so sad knowing he loves you, im sorry but i couldnt take it anymore!!" We'llgood for you asshole, what about me? She sees you everyday and your jelous because of me, she tells me she hates me in front of you and you still dont allow her to see me? This is going to end up being a lifetime movie and she cant see it. They have been going out a month and she isnt allowed to see her best friend, fuck she's not even a friend anymore with her best friend. - "FRIEND" -A person whom one knows, likes, and trusts. A person one knows, well we still know each other kinda, she knows what i've done the last month i know nothing that she has. LIKES - I still like her, call her, and want to see her... She  has not done any of that for me the last month. TRUSTS - I'll talk to you later, I'll call you tomorrow, I promise i'll see you thursday, I dont want a boyfriend, I have feelings for both of you, Tonight will be good for you! She hasnt told me the truth in a month.. so yea there is no trust.. But you know what it doesnt hurt so bad knowing that even though they have only talked for a few months they met like 8 months ago soo ya know thats not so bad, at least they saw eachohter 8 months ago and im not being replaced by someone she just met, im only being replaced by someone she just became friends with.. so glad we were such good frineds... whatever prolly wont write in here for a while because im going to do my best to forget everything about her until she can admitt that even though i have been an ass and hurt her shes being an ass now and is hurting me, and she tells me she's sorry and really means it.