
So tomorrow I am going back to work even though I am not feeling up to par.  I'm so damn tired.  But I can't stay out any longer and I finished the Z-pac antibiotics so time to get moving.  I hate going back to work after being sick because I always feel like they're gonna throw piles of work and stress at me and expect me to give 200% when really I'm still recovering and would like to ease back into things.  I am not a Type A personality and frankly I am not going to work myself to the bones for these people and the salary they pay me.  My co-workers dont' care, why should I?  One got in at 11am today and left by 5.  I'm sure he got no reprimand either.  But I will be reprimanded for being out sick with strep.

I am mad at myself because my finances are a bit of a mess again.  I guess I let a thing or two slip and that always screws up the chain.  I don't know what it is about this time of year but March-April I always run into trouble.  Not sure if it's the post-holiday thing (I didn't think I overspent this year) or just that it's harder to keep track in the winter with the SAD but anyway... the dentist set me back ($220 for no cavities, that's really a ripoff...and they wonder why I haven't gone every 6 months like I used to) and now I'm broke again until Thursday, or until the postal system graces me with one of 3 reimbursement checks I've been expecting.  I also remembered this $600 IRA I've had floating around from a past job that bascially gathers $10 in interest a year and then there's a $15 annual fee so it's been slowly trickling away.  (I have a larger 401k kicking around but somehow this $600 never made it into the main one.)  I called them up and just said cash it out, charge me the 10% tax penalty and just give it to me.  I'll use it to start a little emergency fund.  

Hopefully income taxes will not eat it up.  I always end up having to pay on my taxes...not much, just $200-400.  They tell me that's good, that I'm not letting the government make any interest off my money.  But somehow it doesn't feel good when other people are getting $2K refunds and I'm having to pay out a few hundred.  I hate money.  I hate having to manage it and think about it.