Gah.

Sometimes I get really sad about all the shit that went down in the past year. I almost feel like I was robbed of four months of my life. I wish I knew when my dad was coming home so I could go smoke a bowl and just fuck off and not do anything. I was going to go downtown and see Christine's band or her dad's film, but fuck...a few clicks on MySpace and I'm just off in my own little world. I need to be happier because this week I'm getting a goddaughter and I need to be the best damn godmother ever. My little Hannah Jordan Parker. And fuck all of you who sigh and wish that this kid wasn't being born. I honestly wish she wasn't either, but we can't change that, so instead of treating her like she's the worst product in the world I'm gonna love her like nothing else. That's all she can ask for as a child brought into the world under these circumstances. I don't know what I'm talking about, I'm just upset and concerned and pissed of at everything. I feel so disgusting inside. This post is the most emo thing ever but I really don't give a shit. I think I'm gonna go cry and watch "Closer" now.
Oh yeah, I forgot the most important part. I'm in love, no, not in love, but shit, whatever, I really really like her and I think she likes me too and for once it's not just "oh well what if she doesn't like girls" but I don't want to scare her off. And what if she's waiting for me to make the move? But what if I do and then it's just awkward and we don't really talk anymore? FUCK. See this is why I really hate relationships. I hate that everything has to be so formal and everyone should play by the rules without worry or fear and god why can't it just be easier? I just want to kick it with her and see what happens but it seems like I'm being annoying and clingy already and I absolutely hate people that do that. Much like most relationships I hate how people just get fucking stupid crazy and love makes them the dumbest people ever. I can speak from experience, and I just don't know why people continue to torture themselves. Can't we just hang out and fool around and go eat and just...be cool with each other? Why is that so damn difficult? It's time to LJ cut this bitch so people don't yell at me for making my post to long and rant-y. Maybe I'll just be gay and write her a note on MySpace. Such avoidance behavior. I'm so retarded. Goodbye.