I hate Maryland
Ok... perhaps more accurately I hate anything dealing with cars in Maryland.  As I have probably whined to many of you, Marylanders don't know how to drive.  They are by far the worst people I have ever had to drive around, and I've driven extensively in RI, MA, and NY!

And about a week ago I got pulled over.  Now, I'm a pretty good driver plus I actually saw the cop so I made sure to not go over the speed limit and to use my blinkers and all that good driver stuff.  But he puts on his flashers and I pull over.  It turns out that my windshield-wiper-blade-fluid-jets have little blue lights on them (probably LEDs) and came that way from the factory (or at least ever since I had the car).  But in glorious MD, there is a law that says you can have no red or blue lights on your car (besides breaklights I assume... I should check what the law really says...)  Fortunately I only got a warning but not I have to figure out how to remove these bloody lights.

Then there was all the hassle I had to do to get my licence, took me 3 time going to the MVA (that's the DMV for all you northerners) because of various omissions and bad info they gave me.  I wrote them an angry letter but never got a response.  Then getting the car registered took two tries.  You can't get your car inspected on a weekend OR WHEN IT RAINS!!! which sucks to no end and I had to take a day off of work to get that done.  Arrgh!!!!

And now to what has set this off.  I got a letter today, the first notice mind you, that says I am late for my emissions inspection (separate from the car inspection) and that I must get it done plus a $15 late fee (which will compound every month I wait apparently).  Now look at all the garbage I've been through, getting a licence, an inspection and a registration at no time did any of these tell me about an emissions inspection.  When I moved down here I checked the part of the MVA website entitled "Moving to MD", no where on there did it say anything about getting an emissions test.  (I searched the page again and eventually found something hidden away on a different part of their website under an acronym that doesn't look like it has anything to do with emissions)  If I didn't have a great job and a lot of friends here I would leave the state entirely, I swear.

I blame the Democrats.