
wow, get ready for angry words... so today i was doing my usual stalking and looking at everyone's page when i happened upon Jared's page. so i had left jared a total of three comments, all of them ending before spring break, and guess what? he deleted the last two! who does that?? it's not like they said anything embarrassing or said "i love you" or something stupid like that. i was furious, totally furious. i mean what did i do to piss him off that much to delete my comments? and it's not like he never posted them.. like i commented on snobby rob's page and he just never approved it to be on his site, but jared left it up there for 2 or 3 weeks and then deletes it?? what the hell?? ok so then i notice that he had someone new in his top eight (i'm really not a stalker) so i check it out and she has a message from one of his roomates i guess that says "you are the one and only girl that jared has brought home that i like." um hello???? what the hell??? ok, so maybe you don't know me but that is very hurtful to say, and second what the hell jared? you are such a typical guy to be into a girl until you find another one!! and then just since there is this other girl you delete my comments?? and if you are going to delete my comments, why then leave the one that says "i had a great time with you last night"? which was actually talking about the club and not the time i went to his house. i'm so mad, mostly at jared, a little at the friend and really at myself for being sooo stupid!!! the thing is, it wasn't like we went on one date and the feelings just weren't there for him, he led me on. like he kept making out with me and stroking my arm and rubbing my back.. and i know you don't want to know all this stuff, but the point is he acted as if he was really into me. i mean i know i am one to talk cuz i make out with guys and then tell them i don't like them, but i don't give out any other signs!! maybe i don't have that much reason to be angry, but i am right now and i'm going to let myself be mad, and later i will see this as a learning experience. yea i wrote a message to jared on myspace that said "if you are going to delete my comments, why not delete all of them and forget this mistake ever happened?" and really hope he never asks me about it... oops i guess, oh well.. bad temper came into play