My number one enemy!
Okay, so I'm on placement in school (you may or may not have known that) and I am partnered with another student whom I'll admit I was given a kind of choice in who I was with at the beginning of the year but it was more for geographical convenience than anything else...
Anyway, the girl I'm paired with is such a moany, whiney, bitchy... BITCH! That she is royally doing my head in.  She's gotta be the most unwell person in the world, and this is not being mean believe me.  She goes to like twelve acupuncture and physioterapy and doctor appointments everyweek, I mean c'mon! How the HELL is she EVER going to survive in a classroom teaching 7 year old children? She constantly gets "headaches" which are too excruciating for her to even move, and I'm serious, I was teaching last week and she was acting as Teaching ASsistant and half way through my session she went and sat at the front of the class because of a headache! I coulda throttled her I swear to God!

Also, she's told me on more than one occasion that after this year she is not going to continue the course, now I asked that she stay till end of year so I'm not dropped in it and she said she wanted to finish this year but not continue afterwards. For some stupid reason which I cannot fathom for the life of me, she is now getting all the best sessions to teach, loads of help from teacher to do college activities and being given the best units to plan for during our block...  Now to me, she should be nice and let me do them since I have to do my best to pass this year and everything but NO she just takes all the easy/best/etc stuff for herself... I'm gonna knock her face in one day... (Yes I have very VERY violent tendencies)

So anyway, I decided last week that I'm going to complain about the bitch! I don't care if it makes me a (childish I know) spragger, or brat or anything because when it comes down to it I NEED to do well as I want to be a teacher at the end of it whilst SHE is leaving at the end of the year and not even finishing! So I arranged a meeting with my Academic Tutor to see what should be done.

I hate her I hate her I hate her I HATE HER!!!!!! (The student not my Academic Tutor... my Academic Tutor is really nice ^^)