Sick and tired of being sick and tired...
I am in a mood for some good old fashioned destruction.  I am just fucking sick and fucking tired of so much shit, like having sand in your eye and not being able to get rid of it, this shit is fucking constant.  I fucking worry too much about stupid shit that has no fucking bearing on the here and fucking now.  I am not happy with alot of the variables in my life, and if things don't change (namely myself), I intend on lashing out and ripping some shit down.  I want to really hurt some people, just for the fun of listening to them cry.  It gets harder and fucking harder all the time not to push the buttons with the people that piss me off.  I fucking hate hedging my words so I don't have to worry about fucking offending anyone.  I remember when I used to be able to just fucking let fucking rip and didn't have to give to fucking shits.  I remember when it used to be just fucking me, which is still is cause we are all going to die fucking alone and wondering whether or not we did it right this time.  I want fucking revenge.  I want fucking retribution.  I want to fucking burn shit down, I want to fucking kill.  I want to strangle someone and just watch them fucking die.  I want to see blood, pain, and tears.  I want to hurt someone, or something.  I don't fucking give a fucking shit. I am going to fucking go crazy if I don't get some kinda release.  I am fucking fed up with my own laziness. I am fucking tired of carrying lazy ass motherfuckers.  I fucking tear it up at work, and I swear to the fucking godcorpse that if I don't get a decent raise soon I am going to kill.  We had the blind fucking bowling league at the hotel.  What the flying fuck.  That is all someone fucking needs an asshole who cant fucking see tossing a fucking 10# ball down the floor.  Hey lets put them in the same room as the autistic artclass, and the fucking paranoid schizo therapy class. BRILLANT!   I love the Guinness commercials.  fucking awesome.  I hate fucking waking up in the morning at 4:30, that is a fucking bitch.  I hate putting up with managers that need some "me" time.   I am going to fucking burn some cds.  I hope everyone dies in their sleep so when we all get to the afterlife it will be full of assholes, just like the realworld whatever the fuck that fucking is.