Why Do I Irritate Myself?
Ugh, I don't know why I bother going to this particular dog forum. It just gets my blood boiling every time, yet I annoy myself and go back for more! Maybe I keep hoping it will get better, but it never does!&nbsp;

Now, the forum has huge potential. There are a lot of very smart, knowledgeable people there, but the general populace is like a Nazi camp! EVERYONE must feel this way and say these things and not ask these questions, etc., etc.&nbsp;or there will be hell to pay.

People can't ask simple questions without getting jumped all over like a pack of hyenas attacking a downed zebra for heaven's sake! I have seen it happen time and time again. Someone asks about something the "nazis" don't like and BAM!, they are all over them telling them they are wrong and that they don't know anything and how dare they even think of doing this! Most of the time, they are innocent questions too! Just not "acceptable to ask" on the forum.&nbsp;

For example, a person asked if they should take their dog to the vet because the dog got sick (threw up). Immediately, several people were saying "What a terrible owner you are, you should have taken the dog immediately" and "you shouldn't have a dog if you even have to ask that!" and similar comments. Oh, for heaven's sake! I don't immediately go to the doctor if I vomit once! Now, if the dog was getting sick several times during the day, then yes take it to the vet. If it gets sick once though? Just keep an eye on things in my opinion, but apparently I am a bad person according to the forum if I do that.

God, but what really, really gets my goat is when they welcome a newcomer into the fold. If someone comes along and says all the right things and agrees perfectly with what they say, they get fawned all over and told things like "oh, you are such a good person", "oh, you'll fit in great, we all feel that way" and other crud. Blah, makes me want to barf!

Why do I read this stuff from a bunch of nasty, know-it-all people? Why do I irritate myself? I don't know. Maybe I just get bored and want to grump at something. Geeze, I need to find other things to amuse myself with.