Furious
"We know whats best for you", "don't question our descision, we know whats best" yeah right. Ok, so our school has decided to give us a "Coursework catch up day" I thought that would be great. I really need to carry on with my music composition, and I have tonnes of art to do- we have our first exam session next tuesday. Anyway, we were given out timetables for that. And I got, music in the morning, and feckin' german in the afternoon! Its like, some revision session or something. Now, don't get me wrong, I need help with german. But this is meant to be a COURSEWORK CATCH UP day. As in, a day where we can catch up with our coursework! We were told that priority would be given to PRACTICAL subjects. And since they art exam is on monday for feck's sake, I think it might be a wee bit urgent! And anyway, I asked our head of year about this and she seemed to kind of understand so she told me to ask if it was ok with my german teacher, so I asked her at the beginning of the lesson and she rambelled on about how desperately I needed help with german (which I can understamnd but blah...) and said something about the music I was doing in the morning, and then of course other people in the class just started butting in and moaning about stuff eg "I don't want to do english" when its only because they've got no other coursework that needs doing. So she just ignored it all. I asked her at the end of the lesson. I felt so angry during that lesson that no one understood how important this art was. I mean, I have a basic idea of what I want my exam peice to look like, but I have no idea how I'm going to go about doing it. I was just fuming, in fact, I was almost crying with rage. I just chizzled bits out of my textbook with my compass and resisted the urge to tear pages out. Anyway, at the end I asked her "is that a yes or a no about the art thing?" and she said something about how important it was to revise over this german. And I told her that its a COURSEWORK CATCH UP day, not a REVISION day. And then she said that if I felt it was really important to do art then I could. But she was so arsey about it. She was such a moody cow, making me feel like I was doing something wrong. Even now, I feel like I'm the one in the wrong. Why do I have to fight this hard just to have the right to carry on with something this important??? And they tell us how they're doing a favour by letting us carry on with our practical coursework, and I can't even do what I would consider to be the most urgent and important work.

Even now, I'll be spending the whole afternoon worrying that there'd be Mr Farell (deputy head) or someone coming round to check we're all in the right classes. And this just completely enrages me. I mean, I don't know if its normal to get THIS angry over something, but God, it just sums up everything I hate about that school. I'm FURIOUS. Would any of you get this mad about something? Or is it just me being insane? :-/