
i hate her.  she is the only person IN THE WORLD that i can say that about.  seriously the only one.  i don't really even know her other than that shes one of those people at a party that YOU have to go talk to b/c they expect YOU to talk to THEM b/c their the guest, thier the person who doesn't know anyone, so its YOUR job to be nice and make conversation even though the whole time your thinking "do you hate me, are you being standoffish b/c you dont want to talk to me b/c you like the guy i like b/c your shy b/c you think im an evil bitch or everythig all together?"  and then that nite shit goes down in the relationship and then the next time she visits really scary shit goes down in the relationship and you can't talk to him about it b/c he's with her and for some reason whenever she visits you 1. don't hear from him 2. dont see him unless it is in a group setting 3. dont get invited to hang out with them.  So it makes you wonder: is she in love with him, does she want to have his babies (b/c i sure don't and didn't, thank god), and why else would she drive two hours to hang out with him?  does she not have any friends, is that it?  should i actually be feeling sorry for her lack of friends back home and try to accept her?  or should i envision stephanie and i going crazy on her and scratching her face (b/c me and steph are too weak to do more)?  i really don't know and since im not the girlfriend i feel like i dont have the right to ask. the easiest thing would be for her to get out of his bed, b/c theres only room for the two of us...seriously.  i know its a queen but i take up a lot of space when i sleep ask stephanie and my mom and anyone else, they'll tell you the same thing.  
okay so maybe i dont hate her.  maybe i just despise her b/c she hasnt given me a chance to like her or hate her.  All i know is i understand the whole jealous GOd thing a lot better now. ITs like, he really loves us and cares about us, and then (maybe without knowing it) we go astray for a while and start chilling with other gods or idols or whatever and stop loving him and forget about his love. IF I were God i would be pissed to, i would be like "Fuck, i put all this time to build a relationship between the two of us, to show my love for you, to be their for you, to make you happy and care for you and then you just forget about me every now and again... ohh but then that god of yours leaves you and your all buddy buddy with me again, huh? huh?  WTF mate?!?!?!"  but GOd's so cool b/c in the end he's always like "i know your gonna be an a-hole and leave me again but i love you and can't stop loving you even though you treat me like poo 80.239021348% of the time"  I try to be that way with Dan, but hell im not GOd i can't handle getting hurt all the time and angry everytime shes here, but i also can't help but love him.  i can't. i try to quit every month (seriously its been EVERY month since jan.) but i can't.  its too hard.  its a hard place to be and i dont know what to do. i try and try and try but each time i think i fall a little bit harder.  
its taking up too much of my life, and i can't control myself, which is my biggest fear and now its a full blown reality.  im terrible, horrible...im my own life ruiner.