a bit of a rant (sorry)
Non-rant part:
I had labs this morning and they went pretty good. Then I went to the ranch and lunged/hung out with Shorty and visited the other horses. I went to the dentist in Ripon and I have 3 cavities so 3 shots on Tuesday! Someone kill me!!!! :_( This afternoon Me and my sis went to the gym... It was pretty fun. :D

Now on to the rant:
We had to go back to my dad's and wait for my little brother's mother to come pick him up before my dad could take me home. Me and Sarah were sitting in our room when she came walking up the sidewalk to our house. I wanted to flip her off or make a face but my sister was afraid we'd get in trouble, but I didn't think so because I was told we could do whatever we wanted to her as long as my little brother didn't see. (Nothing physical, lol) 
Well she was still nervous so we just kind of stared at her as she walked up and ignored her when she said hi (I was glaring, tee hee). We were giggling when she reached the door then !BAM! she popped out from around the corner right up in our faces and I had an OMG!WTF?!?!? face and my sister thought it was my dad at first so she waved then stopped and glared. So... yeah. We said bye to Ryan and then my dad called us out of our room. Apparently You-Know-Who told my dad that we were 'making faces' at her while she was walking up. My dad was MAD after he told us that we had permission to do EXACTLY THIS. What the fuck?!? We weren't even making faces at her. 
He upset my sister and then yelled at me all the way home, telling me I should write a letter to her telling her how I feel. You know what? Why the hell would I want to pick at scabs like that for someone who is not in any way related to me and waste my time writing some hate mail to that stupid bitch? No. I would rather just be able to look out MY OWN FUCKING WINDOW even if she happens to be fouling our property. I mean, I thought she didn't matter?
And obviously our plan worked, she was obviously uncomfortable enough to complain to my dad about it. Guhh. My dad was so mad that I looked it (it is an it, not a her) in the face.

Bad day.