weird moods
don't you hate weird moods?? you always feel like you are either annoying someone, or you just don't give a damn, or you are really annoyed by something that typically you can handle, or you are tired, but not at all, and the whole time you are thinking, what the hell is wrong with me?!?!  i have been in a weird mood today.  i don't know what is going on, and i don't know why i am like this, but i am really apathetic right now, and it is driving me nuts.  plus i am cramping really bad and that isn't helping.  i sound like i am pissed at the world, but i'm really not, i could care less.  so as i am sitting here, eating ramen, which is what i do, i am thinking about how much i don't want to go to choir, how much i don't want to take a shower, which is weird because i love showers, and how much i don't want to be in this room anymore.  i think that is the biggest part of it.  i hate my room.  your room is supposed to be your safe haven where you can go and just relax and not worry about anything.  well mine isn't.  i just get stressed sitting in here... it is a disaster area.  but the worst part is, it isn't my fault and there isn't a damn thing that i can do about it.  it drives me mad.  jessica's shit has gone from being all over her side, to slowly moving into my side... and tody when i got back from religion, her laundry bag and suitcase were on my side of the floor because there is no room on her's.  take the hint, when you have no more room, don't keep piling it up, and stop bringing more of it... GET RID OF YOUR SHIT!!  gosh, it isn't that hard!! wow, sorry, i am getting a little out of control.  but it is really annoying when you can't live in your room because she has taken over everything, and then bitches about you behind your back because you are never in the room... well i wonder why??  i cannot function in this room, and i think that is the cause of my mood.  oh well, im gonna go now and make my side spotless, which is really the only thing i can do, and then have another breakdown because i have no control over what is diving me insane...