
blahhhh
tonight im doing nothing, and it sucks...home on a friday night, i mean if that doesn't make me feel like a HUGE loser or anything, i don't know what does. i really really do feel loserish right now, more than usual. After school i went over to jenny's, it ended up being gay because our parents freaked out at us. Jenny wouldn't let the dog out so melissa spazzed on her and they got into this huge fight and melissa told her to like go slit your wrists...and well it really really upset jenny, and i don't blame her. then jenny's mom called and got pissed at jenny and didn't care about melissa saying all this shit to jenny, so meh she started crying and ahh it just ruined things. Then like my mom called and i asked her if she could bring jenny, teddy, kate and me to the movies and she spazzed out. She was like telling me that she's taking back my $70 swim suit, basically for no reason. i asked for a ride to the movies, and im suddenly ungreatful and selfish and all this shit. and now apparently, if i want to go out tomorrow, then i have to find MY OWN fucking ride. jarrett invited me to the sitting on a cactus show, it's a band from his school. it's at a coffee house thats by the movie theatre in lith, and i was gonna go with jenny, ted and molly i believe and then meet up with jarrett there. i wanted to have them sleepover, but thats just a litttle hard now, since my moms a fucking spaz. i hate when she does this, i hate when she gets pissed at me for no apparent reason. i asked for a RIDE to the movies, nothing else. my fucking god.

im really upset right now, jimmys freaking out at me because he's upset about me moving and not going to Central next year. There's seriously nothing i can do about it, and it doesnt mean im not going to hang out with my central friends anymore. I'm still gonna live in fucking CRYSTAL LAKE. im still able to see them, just because i don't go to their school doesn't make a difference. im so sick of this. i can't please anyone. klsadjfdklsajfa
FUCK