OOOOOH I'm pissed
As if I didn't hate my current life situation before.

I hate my job. With a passion. And no one else wants to hire me. It's not like I'm not trying. Hell. 3 interviews in 6 hours and at the very least 10 resumes sent out every damn day. And whore-ing myself to every possible person I know. And I absolutely hate my living situation. I won't even get into that. Damn it I'm pissed off. 

But now, why I'm really pissed off is because the biggest fucking idiot you've ever imagined just messed up my W-2's and theres no way that he's going to be able to fix it for me. HE'S THAT STUPID!! The treasurer of the school I'm working for is an incompetent, ignorant, disgusting moron who doesn't know how to do his own damn job and makes everyone else do it for him and has his head stuck so far up his ass he can't see straight. And when I take him my jacked up W-2, which I stupidly just looked at for the first time about 7 days before they're due (totally my fault. I admit that), he's going to tell me it's right (its not!!) and that he doesn't know how to fix it (well, he doesn't, cuz he's an IDIOT!!!!). And that means that I'm screwed with my taxes, I won't get the money back I was supposed to, which I DESPERATELY need, and I'm going to be doing my taxes wrong!!!!!!!! 

AAAAAHHHH!!! I need out of Ohio!!!! It's starting to get right up there on my list with Alabama of places that need to be blown off the map. 


On a better note, if you need some good laughs go here http://www.overheardinnewyork.com/ , especially if you've ever been to NYC and have ridden/gotten to know the subway system. Highly entertaining conversations overheard while on the streets of NYC. 

I apologize for the anger. I really do. But I was on a roll. I was going to have all of this done tonight. And now I have to wait for his lazy ass for figure out what is wrong with my W-2 and for him to drive me up the wall in the process. I mean, he's one of those people who you just look at them, and theres a physical reaction to puke on them just looking at their face. I need the hell out of here.