This fucking sucks
I'm being pushed out of the picture and this fucking sucks. For the past 4 months or so, Christopher has been my life. Within the past month in itself, I spend every waking hour with him. We decided to move to Orlando together, but I don't fit in his picture there, in more than one way, so I have to return home. Thus, I'm being put on the back burner since most of his good friends (even his brother) are in Florida. I hate losing friendships and I forsee this one falling apart and I'm fucking PISSED!!!

And that bitch best friend of his in Orlando - her name shall remain absent at this time - doesn't deserve him. She does him wrong every now and then. But what fucking irritates me is that he compares me to her, and she and I are nothing a like. I hate this bitch with a passion because she attempted to start shit with me and we haven't even met yet. She sent me a message on myspace all trying to be nice, so we exchanged a few messages. I said something about Chris and drinking and she completely fucking flipped my words around. So when she and Chris got into an arguement she was all like, "well atleast I'm not the one who said you have a drinking problem!" 
So anyone who knows me knows that I am in no position to say that about ANYONE ESPECIALLY since i drink so damn much, so WTF? I mean, WHAT THE FUCK!?!?

Nonetheless, he sides with her in issues about me or within Chris and I that shouldn't even concern HER!!!! Man, what the FUCK!!

I'm so angry right now over this damn boy. Is he even worth all that? Would he feel this way if the situation was flipped?!??!

Matter of fact, I should  be angry because I have sacrificed so damn much to be with him and he's going to let someone else tell him that I have to go home. FUCK THAT SHIT!!! Never again. And i hate being jaded cuz my friends mean so much to me but now i gotta be even MORE alert as to who I let in my life.

FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK!

In a few months, he'll be like, "rosa who?" and that shit hurts. FUCK THAT!!!!

Yet another person I have to let go. Ugh.