HI LO
I had such an awsome weekend.  The christmas party was a blast.  Saturday we went to get a tree and then went to olive garden for dinner, and then we watched movies all night long.  Today I cleaned my dad's shop and then got randy (this is were it gets sad.)  Randy is leaving on Saturday to go to OR. So I have him for most of the week, and the end of the week he's going to spend with stephen.  I get home dreaming of my bed.  So sleepy, i walk in and. I hate it.  I feel so bad.  I don't know if any of you has felt seriouse hate, but it twists your gut, and boils your blood, suddenly everything you care about, or the fun you have had just melts away and the only fealing there is hate.  I walk into the kitchen, my pop is gone. "Did you drink my pop?"  "No but C was drink some, she said it was hers." The twisting the boiling No it was mine she drank hers by thursday it was gone.  No pop for me.  I ask about it and the lame ass excuss is.  Oh, well mine was the holiday coke.  NO I had holiday coke too, you know it's the holliday so like all coke is holiday, oh well she thought it was her's.  I mean I know i shouldn't hate just because they eat, and drink my food, but it's like they have a total disregard for everyhting that is mine. They think it's there's or my stuff is in the way even if there stuff is in the way of everybody dosen't matter, only my stuff is inconvent.  I hate their fat little faces and the way the eat, and smell, and do things, and when they talk to me i see myself riping off their faces and laughing.  I hate living here.  I can't wait for this semester to end.  Randy said befoure he leaves he'll take care of them.  Which means he'll do something totaly discusting to them, and they will never know but every time I will know and I will laugh so hard to myself.  I hate myself for hating so much, but I can't help it, it's like it has seeped into every pour of my body and when I see them it just overcomes me.  I don't know what to do.  I wish i could move out and get my own place.  Sigh it's to much for christmas season.  No one should have to feel this way no one.  And I hate that I do.