Patience.
I don't have to be patient on this fucking journal; if anyone reading it is expecting anything but myself trying to figure out exactly how I should be proceeding, or AM proceeding, in different circumstances (though I tend to focus on one particular aspect of my existence, as anyone who's been totally insane enough to read it), then they are wasting their time. I'm not trying to explain myself; I'm trying to understand how much I hate, how much I want to destroy, and how little morality, and compassion, and empathy mean to me, and how these parts of my mind have power over my behavior. Which tends to be horrendous, and no-one ever comments on it. What's with you people that know me? I proclaim on a fucking mountain that I'm selfish, and that I'm arrogant, and I could go on, believe me, and you're surprised when I behave in accordance with those classifications. 
I could talk about my reasoning for this, but hell, I haven't got the patience. 
Again, THIS IS MY LIFE, and it's not controllable, just like everyone else's. Causality, damn it. And I'm not quoting the funny/stupid Wachowski brothers. I haven't really hurt anyone, I don't think, and I could, but I'm not trying to. And I don't want to. And my patience is for the real world, not for this stupid journal. And understanding is NOT FORTHCOMING, no matter how much anyone wants it, there's just the catharsis of soma and knowledge of the eternal fucking bodies. And I'm not clarifying that. 
There's just death, and solitude, and hate, and everything else is simple use of other people. And people are going to read that, and say different things, like what about compassion, and rights, and utilitarianism, and all that, and they're forgetting that it's all a zero sum game, or that we're always fighting for what resources are left, and the only thing capable of making us forget our desire for each others' blood is the great fucking leviathan (And I KNOW that's an oversimplified statement of Hobbes).
I can be patient in the real world, but when it's by myself, to myself, like this entry isn't, don't expect me to be kind, or generous, or anything but the monologue coursing through my deranged head. And DON'T expect to learn anything.