I expected it
I don't like being used, it's a peeve of mine, especially when I do so much and it's just expected of me and I get treated like garbage in the end, heck the other day I was getting treated like garbage during the time I was being used, I just don't like it.

As far as you are concerned Christian, you can hate me all you want, I told you I was concerned and I am, I am responsible for whats happened because I gave you that destined ride. I TRY to be holy, I fail miserably a lot of the time, but nobody will ever know just how hard it has been for me, especially under depression, so stop getting mad at me for getting scolded by myself and Amber, what do you want me to do? Turn the other cheek pretend nothing is happening to that poor woman? So the kiss may have been the greatest to you, but there are some things that can't be taught, and according to Amber you made a promise, the same one I made, I knew this would happen, but Amber is not a toy Christian, she is over there waiting for you to make a choice and every day that you don't you are causing her so much pain, pain that ruined the last 7 months of my life, gosh you can be so stubburn sometimes it can be so hard talking to you, you know you aren't perfect Christian and neither is your attitude. We have minds for a reason not everything that feels good is right, otherwise this world would be full of a bunch of rapists and looters and murderers. I am your friend bro, but I am no coward either, and I will not turn a blind eye to a friends wrong doing, but only because I CARE. What kind of a friend would I be if I just let everything happen just because I didn't want to get anyone mad at me? I'd be a worthless friend thats what.

I've got such a headache now, poor girl in line today bought 300 dollars with of food so her husband could have a suprise party, but Christina the CSM decided to take her check up to accounting who said they wouldn't accept it. It was a good check and she had ID and everything, and when I told her about that poor woman all she could say was "oh well, thats too bad". I told that customer exactly what happened and told her that if I were her, i'd leave those groceries, tell Christina off, and just leave. I know I always gripe about walmart customers, but the honest ones like her i'll protect to the bitter end. I may not like some customers but I get paid for a reason, and I know i'd want to be taken care of as a customer too. Gosh that damn woman...

I don't accept moronic-type answers, these include "it felt right", "so what", "thats that", "I don't care". I am very close to just going into solitude, if humanity is going to be this stupid, i'd rather not be apart of it, worthless no-hearted bastards some of them can be.