
I am getting clay everywhere: on the floor, on my clothes, on the couch, doorknobs, even in my drink!  But I like it!  I like it when I'm chatting with somebody and then saying, "Hey I gtg throw some more pots! See you!"  It makes me feel that it's really something I should be doing.  If that makes sense at all.

Anyway, I was trying to throw something today when something suddenly replayed in my head.  This usually happens.  And when it happens, like in a slow motion replay, I see things I didn't see when it first played.  

Why can't I recognize things as they come? Why must I wait for these replays before noticing things? Why can't my mind be as keen as a slow motion replay?!  

Those condescending tones, sarcasm, mockery, and ridicule...tsk. Why can't I at least concentrate on them before concentrating on what the proper reaction should be?  It's not as if I can't recognize them.  But why can't I at least defend myself?!

I know I've learned that that the mature thing to do is be polite and proper.  But sometimes, for the satisfaction of my anger, I want to be rude.  Who do people think they are that they can be condescending?  I hate it when people do that.   It's an evil thing to do.  I can't even bring myself to be condescending to people I hate.  Then why do I just take it sitting down when people are condescending to me?!

If I see this person one more time I'm going to sock him right in the face.  Augh. I don't know why I'm so worked up over his ugly smirking face!!!!!!!!!!

It is very very very difficult to be good when people are bad to you.  

Dear God,  Please tell that guy that I know he was rude and sarcastic when he was talking to me.  And please let him know that he has no right to treat people that way just because his grade point average is higher than most people, probably the highest among all people.  Please also tell him that he isn't so smart after all because he doesn't know what the meaning of respect is.  And if it isn't too much to ask, please have something hit him on the head and make it look like an accident.  Thank you.