"RAGE! Take me to the end of this!"
I just looked at my brother's myspace page.  He and his girlfriend have the same pic now, two pics of them edited together.  So apparantly they are back together and strong.  Oh my word!  He got all these posts from people wishing him a happy birthday and they "Looooove ya babe" and so on.  And he last updated his Myspace today, which tells me that he is alive and well.  And for a person as in debt as he is to be alive and well means that his horrible friends are supporting him and letting him life with them and stuff....
And it makes me SOOO ANGRY I COULD JUST PUNCH HOLES IN THE WALLLLLLLL!!!!!!! (consider that a yell: in a throaty dutch accent in no way!) 
And what is the problem with his girlfriend?? Why does she want some heroin addict hanging around and shooting her lovely green dollars into his precious blood veins when the mood strikes him!
And why does his profile says all this crap about being at Bible college and keeping it drug free and that made me want to scream, too. So I did something I most likely shouldn't have. I left him a public comment that said, "You should maybe think of changing your profile... people might think you are a liar."  And I feel kind of bad now but I am so angry at him that I don't really care.  I hope it hurts him.  I want him to have to hurt like we are hurting.  Not for him to be surrounded by all these stupid "supportive" friends having a good time.
I know that kind of fun is really fleeting and stuff--- and it will lead them all nowhere, rather quickly...
but damn it! Why should we then have to be there for him and lovingly accept him back into the fold when they don't work out for him?  Why should we carry the burden of the pain and then shoulder the weight of visiting him in the stupid clinic and encouraging him that he'll make it, and paying his fees to be in there?????????

I know the answer.  It is what I tell my German friends:
Because it is your family.  And with family comes pain and responsibility and it is part of the joy and glory of having one.  Buck up, take responsibility and accept it. 

I know, I know, I know, I know.
But where on earth should I put all of this anger and upset in me??????