
I'm in one of those moods right now...where I just kind of hate everyone and everything and I don't know why...It could be that I'm under a decent amount of stress having just lost my job and that nowhere seems to be hiring and that I'm worried about apartment stuff and that we won't get one and that no one else seems concerned, chris seems to think it'll all just work out (which is probably because I'm doing all of the work and stressing about it and he's used to people doing everything for him and so he doesn't ever have to worry about that sort of thing) and my parents are not being helpful whatsoever and his parents do have a clue about any of this because as I said chris doesn't seem to care and I'm a little wary of constantly talking to them about because one their not my parents and everytime I do all they have to say on the matter is that chris should get a job and thats where the conversation leads and chris wont get a job(which is another matter entirely)and then heather seems really distant through this whole thing, like she isn't even a part of it and i think the fact that I seem to be the only one that seems to care about any of this and the only one who's going out, getting all of the information and talking to people and all of that bothers me, because up until yesterday I was the only one with a job (we will get to this in a moment) and so I had the least amount of spare time, and they both have cars...so why couldn't they go out and do some of this? 

So now, as promised, the losing of the job...I don't feel like going into the whole story because I did that to a whole bunch of people and basically to sum it up: I found out yesterday that yesterday was my last day. And now, no where seems to be hiring so I'm unemployed and it doesn't look like thats going to change anytime soon. 

So I'm just kind of pissed at the world (or really...just at the above mentioned things) but right the only that sounds good to me is getting a nice apartment by myself. And let the two of them get off of their asses and do something for themselves. But they wont. They never do. And it bothers me that I can work my ass off...struggle and barely scrape by (this applies to just about everything by the way) and they (usually chris more than heather) will some how get lucky and with out any effort on his part whatsoever will wind out better off than I am. I FUCKING HATE IT!!!!!!!!!!! I love that kid to death, he's like a brother to me but stuff like that makes me so angry I can't even express it in words. I suppose that's just me hating how life sucks sometimes. 

I think thats enough anger for one night. Good night and Goodbye.