im not bitter i just need this ridiculous space
so where should i begin? lets begin with yearbook shall we? since its at the top of my list of things to stress over. first off, everything's going wrong with it, and yearbook staff just don;t make it any better. thanks guys, ur a great big help. dont expect to just miss deadlines thinking u've tried ur best, we mgiht not get a yearbook here. second of all, get out of the fcking office if ur not on yearbook staff, im getting so fcking tired of seeing all your faces and ur ill-manners and ur lack of respect towards me and deby. we're not ur slaves, we dont have to clean up after you. JUST GET THE FCUK OUT. im sick and tired of highschool, and right now i dont care if i look back a few years down the road and wished i enjoyed this moment, cuz i really dont. i hate seeing fcking claudies, i hate seeing all the people around the yearbook office that shouldn't be there. thnx for leaking the theme, its obvious those who ruined it. i dind't even tell my own friends who aren't part of yearbook, so why are u so fcking retarded enough to spill it to people u know? to a certain somebody, ur dirty looks aren't appreciated. im the editor-in-chief, i have the right to throw u out, i have the right to kick u out, so pay some respect before u set foot in that office giving me attitude like i dont belong there. its my office, get that straight. and its not ur job to crticize either, its mine and the other two editor-in-chiefs. for those who just hang around the office, go elsewhere if u feel the need to be immature and make a mess. we've tried absolutely everything, and now i just dont want to be in that office, i dont want to be anywhere near you people. thnx for ruining highschool for me. i dont fcking care if u dont all get a yearbook, i just wnat to get in university. for all the pressure, all the stress, all the sacrifices, i can tell you damn well right now its not fcking worth it at all. i dont care if the whole entire school doesn't get a yearbook, ive done my job, i tried my best, u people like to be so fcking difficult,then maybe the whole school can blame you for not getting one, not me. i dont care anymore. ive wasted too much precious time, this is supposed to be the most important time right now, during second report card time, and i frankly do not want to waste it all on something thats complete sht. somehow..two weeks of break from you people arne't enough...i need more time away from ur faces. i hate ur constant chatter, ur pointless gossips, ur freaking grade comparisons, and ur fakeness. i dont want any of it. senior year is a disaster, thats a given. now i wish i can just quit this all and focus on my studies. just fcking leave me alone to my university stuff. 
(shout out to rachel...who thinks this is like a grade 8 aa page)