Things that angered/annoyed me today
Miss Mandler and her talk about Super Size Me.  Since when does she get off on advising us about what to eat.  I hate when english teachers try to breach their subject.  Her entire speech about it was very stupid and uninformed.  And then everyone started agreeing with her like she was some evangelist preacher. "Mmmhmm, girl! Amen!"
Maybe the inaccuracies of the movie were only apparent to me. 
I just focused on keeping my mouth shut.


We had a track meeting today, and that whole deal always manages to piss me off.  It started off with katy needing to assert her complete social domination over me by mentioning all this crap about cross country when I was standing right in front of her and then talking loudly about how she got her way with the track shirts.  Yeah, her quote has bad grammar.  Now whenever I wear the shirt I'm going to look like an illiterate stuck in the 80's.  And then the younger girls were listening to her stupid speeches about track, which had absolutely nothing to do with running.     
They all look up to her.  I hate it. She conveniently forgot to mention why she came to the meeting late: she was at student services dropping three classes she had flunked this semester.  Wouldn't want to jeopardize the track season!  Oh, and when the coaches weren't listening:  "Melissa, practice safe sex, get birth control pills, then you can do anything, like me."  Well, thats the filtered version, but w/e. She forgot to mention that her dropout boyfriend and her have sex everyday before track.  Hows that for a warm up!  Or how about this: "You don't need college, I'm taking a year off"  A year off from what?  Perusing through the school population?  But bravo, coaches, you picked a great captain.

Oh, I also hate the fact that at every meeting a coach alludes to "an anonymous example" of something I did that was "socially unacceptable".  

It took a lot out of me to not say anything at the track meeting.
 
Well, now that I've sufficiently put off doing my homework, I'm going to go start it, even though I'm probably madder than I started.