some rant about 
and then there's u fucks with the ideas of cults and vampires and watever is cool in the faggoth under(but really mainstream) ground. fuck you. and everyone there is either going crazy aboot themselves, or one of their buddy is going crazy and they r dramaticly helpin each other. hah, i think i'm done now
Babak~i know 'em all but meself says:
but other than that, people there r nice, i think it's the polluntion that drives ya'll crazy, and the jews
 He only loves those things because he loves to see them break  says:
-a friend said
"but yeah people in toronto suburbs got nothing to do so they make up vampire  shit and stuff like that and act pretentious"watever prententiouse means

i donnu, i was going crazy there too, i am always crazy but there got some bad vibes. and then there's those fuckin bitches that beataround the bush about "oh, i am troubled, oh this, oh that, pitty me, i cant stand it, ohh, i dont want u to pitty me, how come they dont love me, i am HANTED by my PAST" fuck you, you are haunted by terrible drama cliches

but fuck, i realized how people r such phonies there, all such terrible people that r just co-co. the emo people they r fucks that talk behind everyone's backs and then u see them hang out with them the next second. speakin of which, dont u hate some people(especially those that wear that emo punk shit) and u say  a favourite band of theirs is gay, they go bitchy, but they thik they can say anyth
Babak~i know 'em all but meself says:
anything about wat u like, go to some emo homo and say AFI sucks
but it's kind of good, shows at least some fight is left in canada. it's sooo politicaly correct u cant say shit about anybody, u can cause it's a free country, but it's frowned upon, fuck you too. i wanna be able to hile hitler without retards that bealive and take to heart all the bullshit and jewfunded propoganda. but hen again they lost the war. to the victor goes the spoils.

i hope canada becomes a real contry sometime soon, big land, how about using some of it? fuck the founders eh? y the fuck would they keep going north? south is where it's at YOO. so yeah, think more people, and stop going with the heard, unless they r going the right way, then stay close and dont loose them, and try to budge yourway higher up the heard, you'll get there 1st, and if there's nowhere to go, u'll lead them since u r in front now, fuck you.