blogsites anger
Aight. I think i am widely known as a staunch opponent of livejournal. Lets make it completely clear that i hate livejournal almost as much as i hate john mayer, they both cause hatred and kill love in this world. Terrible things. Anyways, as far as i have seen, the majority of people (in the chelsea area... and alot of other areas for that matter) have either one of, or a combination of the following: livejournal, xanga, myspace. As much as i hate livejournal, i would have to put them at the top of the list out of those three. I really hate most blogging places, they just breed drama and discontent, but I have one of each of the three types being compared here and i have to say livejournal takes the cake. I think there are a few deciding options that make one better than the other now that we know blogs are silly anyways. Layout/interface, features, friends. 
In Layout/interface i would have to give those points to livejournal, it really is the easiest to use and the interface is simplistic, yet efficient enough to get the job done well. Xanga and myspace are really, really ugly compared to livejournal, really, just take a look. The way Livejournal is setup is just nicer than either of the others.
Features was a little bit harder, but i'd still have to say the clear win is livejournal. In terms of beautifying your journal with backgrounds and colors and themes  once again xanga and myspace are just plain ugly. Livejournal doesn't need anything especially fancy (though it gives you the option to go far in depth if you know color hex codes and such if you like) to make itself pretty.  Once again, sorry xanga and space, you suck. I also haven't really looked into posting clients for xanga/myspace, but i do know that there are tons for any OS for livejournal, so due to lack of research due to laziness i cannot let this be a decision maker (not that it needs to be as the decision is already clear) in this section.
Friends. As far as I can see most peoples friends have multiple blogs, so given the above info, i'd say livejournal once again whoops butt. 
Either way i hate all three, but myspace really sucks, and so does xanga. So for once Livejournal i am giving props to you, take it while you can, i still hate you, my journal is called "i hate livejournal".
HOW YOU LIKE ME NOW??!?!?!?!?! yeah pizzowned. manjoned. thanksgiving taco pie time. 
out