
I can't remember the last time i was so stressed out.  I can't sleep and i'd cry but im so tense n angry that i can only manage a bit before i shut down n just feel numb.  Basically housing situation for next year is up shit creek without a paddle.  Was sposed to be looking for houses with josie, sarah n lucy and bob pretty much handed us one on a plate...only lucy n i dont think its a good deal, our parents agree - in fact my mum has forbidden me from signing anything and lucy's dad likewise.  Lucy n i have always said that its naive to buy the first house u see, when u havent even looked at anything else yet the others seem perfectly happy.  So when we put down our foot n said no - i explained that i couldnt afford it - josie was like oh yeah thats fine, the important thing is to live together, id never make u do anythin thats financially bad for u, blah fucking blah....n so we thought everything was ok and it was a weight off my mind.  Today, josie n sarah went anyway, without us, to get contracts of the extremely dodgy bloke who owns the houses...they got all four...like they thought we'd change our minds with enough bullying.  Josie comes round n acts like she's perfectly happy looking elsewhere (this was the plan from the beginning tho only me n luce have done any work) and so we spent ALL DAY ringing n emailing people about four bedroom properties.  Josie seemed dead excited.  And i got a call tonight from the uni student housing service arranging a meetin to go see some houses 2moro at 4.30...texted josie to confirm...n i get a message back saying "After talking things through with my uncle ive decided to go for the first house, dont want to lead you on".  I am so so angry a) theyv already lead us on b)we've wasted a day on pointless ventures c)now lucy and i are either looking for 2 bedroom or havin to find other ppl d) josie n sarah need to find 2 other ppl in much less time so what the fuck?! n e) how full of shit is she?!  I know this is a massive rant n im sorry but i just cant stand ppl who arent straight about what they want n keep changing their minds.  They're being so selfish n essentially picking a house over us.  N all the stress is bringing on an ME episode.  SO thats just wicked.