I hate my Dad's Girlfriend
Okay, okay, I promised myself that after my Dad died I'd be OK if he decided to date other women.  And for the most part I am, but I am allowed to be driven up the wall by his (in my opinion) poor choices.

So his current girlfriend apparently recently lost her husband of 30 years.  It does not appear that she was terribly upset about it, because it seems he was a bit of a control freak and a manipulator.  Why a woman would stick with that for 30 years is beyond me, but whatever.  The woman is.. quirky, and I could probably have gotten to like her if it weren't for the fact that she likes to meddle in things that should not be meddled in, like my relationship with my father and how he raises my sister.  Now, granted, my dad is not the best when it comes to raising kids, and my sister is far from perfect, but there are some things that parents and children just have to learn on their own and I am NOT a proponent of someone coming in and starting to walk all over the way you manage your family.  I'm just not with it.

She also is quite the alarmist and really tries to pry into my dad's money issues way too much.  I know my dad could use some help, but not the kind of help she's offering, which is completely and utterly alarmist and unreasonable.

The reason I am ranting?  My father called me tonight, to ask about graduation costs.  Apparently the girlfriend had been looking through the graduation pamphlet I sent him and found the part where it said that you could order tickets for the Glee Club Concert, but had not bothered to read the thing carefully enough to realise that it wasn't the graduation ceremony.  I'm sure she just jumped at the chance to find a reason to tell my father "You can't afford to go to your daughter's graduation!  This is too expensive!"  Anyway, I foiled that bitch right there- commencement is free, and I get 4 tickets in case of bad weather.  She will not be entitled to one of them.

*sigh*  I hate her.  And I hate my dad for being incompetent, and most of all, I hate that I have no control over any of it.