I hate my neighbors!
OK, we've got this cute little house, nice yard, close enough to the beach to hear the water at night...I love where I live. But, I HATE MY NEIGHBORS!!!! Actually, I hate the wife. She WILL NOT GO AWAY! Yesterday she came over 4 or 5 times from 3:30pm to 6:00pm . With her 4 kids. It's not that I mind her coming over, even with the kids, but she won't take a hint to leave and just stays and stays. I have done everything but tell her to get the hell out. This morning I turned off all the lights and logged on to the internet thinking "she won't bother me- it's 7:20 am"  WRONG!! She also keeps trying to take over where Mackenna is concerned. Last night on her last visit, I had laid Mack down on my bed to play and she had just started to whimper a little so Felicia goes in to my bedroom (uninvited) picks her up and begins to act the mommy role after I had said to leave her be I would get her in a minute. Maybe I am over-reacting, but it feels like she is trying to be the mom and wants people to think  I am the babysitter. She keeps asking if I want her to take the baby back to her house so I can get stuff done. A nice offer, but I can manage, thanks. I hate hiding in my own house, but that is what it has come down to. As far as the kids go, out of 4 she has 1 normal kid. Her oldest son is a mouth breather and I would not be surprised if he tortures small animals(he is 8?). Her youngest daughter chews with her mouth open and you cannot understand her when she talks because she has a lazy mouth or something(she is 5). Her youngest son, doesn't speak but about 5 words(mom, dada, up, no, yeah, die-meaning bye) and just gets on my nerves(he is almost 4). Her oldest daughter is pretty normal considering her mother and siblings(she is 10). I want to buy my house, but I will build a HUGE wall along the property line as close to the road as I am allowed so she won't feel so compelled to come over so often. Ok rant over for the time being. She just pissed me off!