God everyone makes me so fucking mad!!!!
lets see my mother is fucking pot head...ummm whats new about that umm my sister got mad cuz my mother was smoking while the kids were here well they were in my room while my mother was doing it but that doesnt mean still do it..i can see where my sister is coming from with that...but she knows my mother doesnt it so what is new jordann what is new about that nothing!!! umm alex was going to come over but my mother was so mad about the thing with my sister that no one could come over dont really even think i would want anyone to come over with my mother like that!!! then my sister comes here then i find out that she has kara babysit...she didnt even wnat to damn jordann...but do you ask me no cuz umm you dont give a fuck about me when i go and talk to my sister about it my mother starts in on my sister...(it has nothing to do with you mom get the fuck out of it) then i was just so sick of hear my mother and her i went up to my room my mother then gets on the phone talking to god knows who and yells about my sister!! im sick of all of this...then i call the one person to stop me from being so pissed he doesnt answer his phone most liekly on silient cuz it always is or he is sleeping...ummmm yeah he cant come see me cuz he has no money yet you can by a guirt huh? dont get that one but ok...... that i have a blader infection and i just want to sleep but i cant cuz i get waken up every fucking hour to pee or to blow my nose cuz i also have a cold...i miss my b/f and i hate being here!! I FUCKING HATE MY MOTHER AND MY SISTER AND MY FUCKING FATHER IS LAZY!!! im sick of all of this!!! i hate everyone and everything!! WHY ARNT YOU PICKING UP YOUR PHONE!!! it 4 pm get up!! you most likely will read this and get mad but im just so sick of everything i cant keep it in anymore!! im angry and depressed and im sad and alone....im going to go lay back down god i cant even cry cuz when i do my nose wont stop running and i think im going to throw up!! bye!!!!!!!!!!