
FUCK I HATE WORK! ok maybe i don't hate the work, i just hate my fucking bosses. I'm at home now. I should be working, 'cept i ate a rather nasty chicken pizza and have been up all night (no more details, i promise). So i ring work this morning, because from my perspective i quite clearly can't work effectively, I'm still running around throwing up and shitting every 20 mins (ok so i lied, i had to give more details), and kylee answers (kylee is the senior boss btw ppl). From her tone it was quite clear that she thought i was full of shit and putting it on because i didn't want to work. Now fair go, i'm not some newie who's just started the job. I've been workin there for over 5 months, and with their staff turnover that makes me fairly old there, haven't called in sick there before, and on only one other occasion a couple of months ago did i call up (four days in advance) and say that i couldn't work because i had a gig on that i had forgotten about. I pretty much felt like saying "look, i don't like your fucking tone, its either i don't work today or i come into work and im in the toilet for most of the day, and that wouldn't be effective work now would it?" So needless to say im fucking pissed off, and i can imagine theres gonna be some sort of consequence, done just like kylee likes to, which will probably involve me only having one shift next week. suits me fine, i guess...i mean i'd love to have some more money in the bank :( but if they won't give me the hours then i'd rather be at home getting ready to move. ARGH FUCK I HATE MOODY BITCHES AS BOSSES! annie you have it so easy, your boss sounds like a champ. 

ok ok [/rant]

life isn't too bad aside from that. Swearing off chicken pizza's. We now move in less than two weeks! :D and we managed to get our lease extended to the 9th of feb so we have two days to move our gear. I'm no closer to buying a car, im hoping that when i go back to uni i've managed to save around $1500, which will be a start, and i might get a student loan from there to pay for the rest of it. Jeff's still whipped and useless. Have two other guys living with us atm, kennedy and hewson, kenno is a mate of mine and jeff's from school, hewson is a mate of crawley's, and we all hate hewson cos he's a....ok i won't start ranting again. 

anyway i think im done, nature is calling and so is the kitchen...

j