i'll just set up camp here on the outside..i may be here a while
It's moments like these that make me question who i really identify with and it hurts because i thought i was over all that. Stacy, Asia (her big), Terrence and i are the only black people in AKPsi. Asia ran for president last semester and didn't win because there were three people running and the third person dropped out and told everyone to vote for the other person. So Asia lost, and there was all this drama and basically Asia doesn't come to chapter anymore and neither does Terrence. So today at rush, Asia showed up to find stacy and terrence showed up to find Asia. I was talking to Stacy and Asia walks up and says can i steal her and just drags Stacy off. Stacy and I were supposed to get dinner after so I was like where are you going? And she just troops off with Asia and Terrence. After rush I went to the tavern to get dinner and they were sitting there all hunched over a table looking "conspiratol."  I don't think Asia likes me very much. I went to get my jamba and then I walked over because i didn't want to be rude. The first thing Asia says to me, after clearly seeing me go over to jamba and buy one, is oh i could have gotten you a free jamba. So i sort of stood there for a bit while they continued to have their conversation. I haven't felt that locked out in a while. So stacy says sit down but i said i was going back so i start to leave and no one says bye. I hate how cliche they are. I hate how they are excluding me for no apparent reason. I hate that i can't resolve this without furthur alienating myself. I hate that asia reminds me of all the things that irritate me about stacy. I hate that i'm doubting myself because they are being like that. I wish I didn't have to be so petty about this but it bothers me because i know they're just being like that because they all think the white people in akpsi are out to get them but i'm not allowed in so it seems to be that they think i'm an enemy too. Maybe i'm being paranoid, i'm certainly being a horrible grammar-ist and speller but i'm frustrated and confused and i hate that this keeps happening. Its not like i've ever been rude or mean or bitchy toward them and i'm worried asia is going to turn stacy against me and i want to talk to stacy about it but she'll just make excuses and deny it.