
I hate the fact that I'm skinny. it fucking is not fair that I got the genes from the one person in our family that's tall, has thin shoulders, thin wrists and ankles. it's really really unfair. and I try and fix it, but how can you battle genetics? 
Like at the sports thing tonight, there was this asshole ramming right into me with his elbow (like a fucking train) into me repeatedly during basketball. some other guy who was...big, told him "not to pick on the kid". that makes me really freaking mad, I can take care of myself PERFECTLY fine, I was playing by the rules. I'm a nice guy, I don't go and deck someone when I get angry. but still people think I'm a shrimp and that I'm push over, wall flower, whatever you wanna call it. and it pisses me off! did any of you know I work out every other day for over and hour? and still, I look like a freaking anorexic. all I want is just to not have to be an ass for people to think I can take care of myself. Sure I could break the guys arm or his nose or worse, but that doesn't get me anywhere and I don't need all his friends going after me. and even though I know I can take care of myself I'm still intimidated when a this big guy threatens me
Or when people refer to me when their describing someone else "yeah he's almost as skinny as you".
doesn't make it any easier to look at my brothers and know that they're already rapidly aproaching how well I am at sports, and that when they're 15 they'll be twice as muscular, big, whatever, that I am. 
 Bottom line, I hate being skinny. 

yes, I know this is a completely irational too, and seems vain...well I'm vain.
yeah, so really, this is a big thing for me and has been for awhile. yes, I know this is a completely irational too, and seems vain...well I'm vain and yep, I'm venting. and nope, I don't need any comments of reassurance. this entry is mainly just a personal entry for myself. I could make this entry private but, this is also to let all of you know what's going on in my life, so there yah go

Kelsey