Life sux, id rather be counting a million bucks
i hate life, i really do. For Ryan Wallace of all people to say "dude, of all the people i know, your life has sucked more than anyone else so far in 2006"  My grades are falling at a steady rate. Coach Booth had a little talk with me. He said if i had any dedication that i would be an awesome math student.  Then i go through a breakup.  i still dont understand the whole concept of 'falling out of love' with someone you once talked about marriage with.  was it all in vain? did she really love me? have i been played for a fool for the past year of my life. why do i still love her? does she still love me at all?  if she does, why does she want to hurt me this much?  Why does this hurt as bad, if not worse than when my father died?  Why do i want to hate her for acting like she doesnt care, yet, i want her worse than ever? why do i still want to kill kevin, when this is a problem between me and katie. why do i love her so much? why? why does one hug from her make me happy for an entire day?  why does one compliment from her make me smile bigger than ever? why do i get so upset when she starts rambling, and is seeming to ignore me? why do i love her, if she doesnt want to love me? why doesnt she want to love me, if i made her happy once, couldnt i do it again?  why do i keep working so hard for her, and even though she tells me not to, and it seems to make no progress, why do i work even harder?  why dont i just give up?  why am i constantly thinking about a girl who doesnt want to love me?  why cant i let go, is it meant to be?  why do i cry every night when i call her, and she is on the phone with someone else, or she just doesnt answer?  still, why do i love her so much?  why wont she let me make her happy again? why does my mom screw me over in situations like this?  why does everyone of my friends hate her, yet i love her more than anyone in the world, including family? why? Then, i roll my ankle last night in our game against decatur.  im in for 15 seconds, which is rare for me to even get in, and i roll my freakin ankle.  i was fine today, until in the hall next to the lockerroom, Debo gets pushed down by Billings, and Debo rolls into my ankle. i fell down and yelled shit in front of coach, i didnt even care. he could have made me run suicides until i puked, i just want to punch a hole in the wall, or jump in front of a train or sumthing. i am so freakin frustrated with life, and my own seemingly 'bitchy' way of doing things. i ran the girl i love off, i suck at sports, im failing the one thing i used to be good at (school). who says college will be better? who says this wont follow me until i die? why does shit happen to me, i have never had it easy.  i have worked for everything i have, and now everything is seemingly being taken away.  what is the reason?  is God testing me? if he is, hes doing a damn good job of it, cuz im ready to give up.  i dont really know how i will give up, but something has to give. i need something to go right, for once.  i still havent heard from the honors program, maybe that will be it, but what if i keep sucking at school? that will be down the drain.  i am never happy. football games or video games, stuff like that used to make me happy, now nothing works.  i dont know whats wrong, but i need help, some how, some way.