I FRICKEN HATE MR KOLAR!!!!! (ranting pay no attention :) )
OMFG!!!!! i fricken HATE mr kolar! he is such a fucking JACKASS i swear to god one of these days im just gonna loose it in his class. ill just snap one day and start cussing his sorry ass out and then im just gona walk out his godforsaken door before he can say anything.... i fantasize about it every religion class. i would get in sooo much trouble id probly be expelled or something but it would be worth it... well ok maybe not but whatever... you know what fuck him. im ot even gonna bother lowering my voice tomorrow when i make fun of him and his stupid ass class. im going to be the worst possible human being i can be to that man. and maggie and sam can go to fucking hell and sig "superstudents superstudents" for all eternaty.... oh and you know what im gonna turn in all my homework from now on but not without adding a lovely little paragraph of my own tearing whatever we "learned"from it to shreads... not only will i ace his course (which will piss him off to no end im sure) while venting my persuasive writing skills will improve too ;P. oh and whats with that fucked up service project thing? i dont want to waste somebody elses time to do a stupid 5 pg "interview" do you have any idea how LONG thats gonna take i can barely do 2 sec of polite one on one conversation. and that "journal"!?! i mean go to fricken hell campus ministry and religion department (not mr farrel thoug cause hes cool and not kupka cause i like him)! i mean cant we just do something nice for the community and NOT MAKE A BIG FRICKEN DEAL OUT OF IT!?! i wonder if he knows hes making us worse people because he - theres gotta be a special place in hell for someone who HATES their RELIGION teacher as much as i do. its just i WILL NOT be told what to think and that if i think something different im a terrible person! THE WORLD DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY... IT SDHOULDNT WORK THAT WAY AND IF YOU CANT SEE BEOYND YOUR OWN BELIEFS THEN ... THEN ... GRRRRRRRARGHHHHDSFKJHGJKFDHCGJKFGLKNFD!!!!!!!!!!!!! im soooo fricken pissed at mr kolar right now i cant even begin to tell you. omg i hate that man!!!!