The mind cannot think when it's heavily burdened with the fallacies of education
 APUSH: a possible B, I doubt I did well on my final. It's not fair, our final was actually a diagnostic test from an AP study guide. So people who had that study guide, guess what, aced it. Yep. People got 76 and 80 out of 80 questions. I'm so mad! It's not possible to get full credit on an AP exam at this time of year because 1. we haven't gone over all the material. We're only halfway through the book and 2. Even if someone did read ahead, managed to cover 20-30 more chapters, there is no humanly way that they could have retained all the information in the short amount of time we had. Even our teacher acknowledged this fact, and she's curving it to 60. 60. So what, those kids just ace this stupid class?!? Just because they went and brought the right book. I bet some people from my 1st period class told those in 3rd period what the test was, and the kids in 3rd period who got A's had two days longer than us to memorize those answers. ARGH! Ok. moving on.Choir: A on final. A in class. Yes!Spanish: C on final. But A in class. w00t! Finally!Chemistry: B on final. Hopefully A in class, but this seems likely because my A was 101% before the final. =DAP English: Don't know. I HATE THIS CLASS! It's not fair, I feel so discouraged as a writer. I got a C on my last essay. I wasn't expecting an A or anything, but a C?!? And on the last formal essay we did, I got an A but she still didn't highlight (she highlights lines that she likes) anything on my paper. And my friend who got a B on the last essay, got tons of highlights. I nearly cried.Precal: A C. 77%. Damn! Ok, so I was stressed out last week, nearly to the point that I fainted. Finals all last week, sat through the SATs (College Entrance Exam) on Saturday. It sucked. 'Nuff said.Nothing new, really. I know that this entry has mostly been compromised of complaining and ranting. I haven't been having any of my usual weird thoughts on life or anything. Too much going on. Like my subject says:"The mind cannot think when it is heavily burdened with the fallacies of education"