Letter of Intent
So I get a call from my mom in class and I hate it when my mom calls, especially in class. Because when my mom calls is is never good news thus it freaks me out, given my current situation. Well turns out that I did get the job to Alaska, and I jsut have to sign a lette of intent stating I will be available from May 15th to Sept 16th. 5 months, well I asked my mom, a few other friends, and they said absoltuely. I have already turned down a dream job of a lifetime for my dad's circumstances, and similar circumstances with my dad and with this job. I will sign, I know it will be absolutely amazing for me in more ways than one, I will grow so much and get my life in order. Make some money and miss my family uncontrollably! 
Jordan you said go, so I will. I value all you say, but with a grain of salt :) Taxes... Anyways, this was an answer to prayer for sure, though leaving things behind is really going to kick my buttocks.

Now unfortunately onto not funn stuff. Think of the worst word in the human language possible. For the sake of going into profanities and grotesqueness, that is what I think crutches are. The most hate possible is what I have for them. People love to stare at me, I am tired of telling ths story, I am tired of being in pain, I am physically tired, I do not eat much anymore because it is a complete hassle! The scale at home said I lost 5lbs in a night, but what do scales tell. 
Anyways, yesterday really hit me hard as ususal with my dad. We are still able to share our arm wrestling and he still has great strength in his left, non-dominant arm, which is great! But he put my hand on top of his head, and I just lost it for a sec. I held the tears back, but it really got to me. All of it does, I am tired of this, for me, my mom my brother and others. This is not fun and I hate it. I hate school, I hate my life right now and many other things. I just want this semester tyo be over, leave it all behind and start a new chapter in my life. Yes this is not ver nice of me to think this way, but people do not know me. they do now not know what i am going through and went through. They do not know. 
I cannot even work right now pretty much, I can't do hardly anything because of these crutches. Though I count my blessings, becuase it is heaven compared to a lot out there. I gots to go, more people asking me what is the deal with my crutches...