As I promised
Like I said, this week has been fucking hell for me. My brother has been in the hospital since the 30th, and they can't tell what it was that sent him there. At first they were telling us that it was a possible heart attack or a blood clot in his lungs (which can be fatal). Now he's in there with pneumonia, and mom said that they think he may be internally bleeding now. It's like every time he starts to get better something new comes up and he can't come home. I spend my days at school, with my brother, and sleeping. It's a really fun life, let me tell you.

As if that wasn't enough, I have to deal with the coming Valentine's Day. It's no secret that I detest this holliday with every fucking bone in my body. It's a waste of money, and it's pointless. It basically puts pressure on the material value for attraction. Why in the world would you promote that shallowness? Grr!

Basically, my life has been run ragged by my brother's hospital stay. There are people, however, who can't seem to understand that this is a point in my life where I need support, not melodrama and guilt. My stepmother already thinks that everything that happens to my brother is my fault because I "dominate" him. I don't need people pissing me off. I'm very close to killing someone, maybe myself. I freaking hate all of this, and I'm pissed that there's no one to take my anger out on. Don't you dare get in my face and give me someone to shove my rage on. I am not handling this well, and I don't want people being mad at me for stupid shit and fucking up my life some more.

GAH! Stupid life! GRR! Ever since Sean left me I've been trying to live a life without regrets, because I delt with enough hate in my life because of him. Don't make me regret being myself anymore. This stupid world sucks. What I need now is a group of friends, not a bunch of people looking out for their own interests and using me to achieve them.

I'm tired and I just want to sleep until everything with my brother fixes itself. Sadly, I don't have that option. Don't make me regret not trying. I've considered it, sleeping until my brother comes home. I know life doesn't work that way, but it's a lot better than trying to deal with all of this shit by myself. My life is screwed up enough without people adding to that stress.