I should know better then to go to my brother's house....
So I went to my brother's house yesterday, because it was Elizabeth's 3rd birthday and she likes us so yeah. Anyways, we get there and the kids are all hyed up on sugar and Larry is all pissy cause Maddy is teething and was crying during the whole party, not that I blame the poor little girl, I would have cried the whole time too. We didn't go, we went to his house after the party cause yeah, Allie + 9little kids = anxiety attack/kill all the kids. We get there after spending $20 on a gift for all the kids, Anthony got a little car that he immeditaly started to play with, Elizabeth got a cute little Cinderella, and Jazmyn got some make-up. (Yes, the make-up was my idea, she loves the stuff) Not two minutes after we walk in Larry informs us that him and Nicole are getting married. *insert angry face* Yay! I've always fucking meth heads/cocaine addicts/pot heads/fucking drunks in my goddamn family. Her family is the very picture of fucking white trash. I hate them all and they can all die. I don't want him to marry her. Nope not at all. She's a fucking cunt and I hate her goddman guts. And no, I'm not going to make the best of the situation either. I'm going to keep the ball of I hate I have for her and her family inside me thank you very much. Anyone who talks bad about my Mommy goes there. I know she's can be a bitch sometimes but she's MY MOMMY! Anyways, so the kids start to act up and Jazmyn gets excited and is asked to put something down (by this point, I'm having a slight anxiety attack from the kids running around and screamin) by Nicole and when she doesn't, Nicole grabs her arm and pulls her across the floor toward her where she's still got her fat ass on the chair, get the fuck up and talk to the girl, don't fucking drag her. So yeah, anger roared up inside me and I'm sure it wouldn't have been all that bad had I not being having an anxiety attack. Yes, I've grabbed Jazmyns arm before but never to pull her to me, I get up and then get down to her level so she'll listen to me. A little bit of patience with Jazmyn goes a long damn way. And then Larry wanted us to take Jazmyn home and Dad had already told her No, we're not taking Jazmyn home, Larry can take her home. So my Mom is all sure. And I looked at her and said, Dad already told you no. Gods, I fucking hate my brother. I'm going to stop writing about it cause just thinking about it makes me angry. 

I spent some time with Kimi and Heather over the weekend, it was fun. I was supposed to go to Ken's Super Bowl party but because of the anxiety attack I stayed home. That and by the time I called her, I was already making my way throw a couple of beers cause I feel the situation called for it! Oy, I'm going to go back to work now. LJ doesn't want to work at home for some dumbass reason.