time constraints, screw you
Aha, I got really really pissed during today's self-training, again. Don't get me wrong, I definitely hate to get angry but, she refuse to admit her mistakes, WHAT IS THIS?! Now that Genelle understand how it feels, maybe some day the whole team will and they will give their own comments and point of view. It's not that I'm blaming her for everything but, why can't she just even TRY to help me a little. You want to play Netball, it's a team game and everything is up to the team's effort. DO YOU EVEN DO A PART AS A TEAMMATE!? NO. All you do is piss me off every single time during training and arrogantly think that I'm the problem. Yeah, I'm the problem right? I'm the one with the attitude, I'm the one who get angry over small little problems and mistakes. Since Addy said we somtimes can't do anything about it, I shall be ignorant and shut my fucking mouth and let you do all those fucked up mistakes over and over again. When people tell you things, it enters one ear and leaves the another. Do I have to say, "LOOK AT ME" everytime I talk to you!? If you are reading this, you better do something about it cause I've given up on you. I tried SO HARD to trust you, to tell myself that you won't do the same old mistakes over and over again, I TRIED SO HARD. I TRIED TOO HARD TILL I CAN'T EVEN COMMUNICATE WITH THE REST. You, yes you, better do something about it or just forget about communicating with me on court cause it will be so irritating and make me feel so agitated. I'm giving you one last chance. You don't even know how hard it is for me to tell you things because I know that you won't listen to me and consider what I've just said. Wait, I'm not going to give you one last chance, FORGET IT. JUST FORGET IT. I GIVE UP!

This is so frustrating. ARGH! I feel like screaming right now.

Don't you know I keep on thinking of what I'm suppose to do with you till I can't sleep right now?! I might be using the computer, doing this and that but do you know that my brain is SO TIRED till it become restless?! It can't even rest. DAMN IT.

Tomorrow's going to be the last match so, whatever happens...(I'm not mentally prepared, yet)

My eyes are so tired. I need some rest right now.