increased 100% since yesterday
im so fucken tired. im so god damn sick of fucken people blaming me for all there problems and acting like its all my fault. im sick of people getting mad at me for not talking to them, when they dont talk to me either. im sick of their god damn insecurity, im sick of their immaturity, im sick of their drama,  im sick of being late to everything cuz we have to stall for forever. and im sick of fucken lame ass excuses for reasons not to trust me. if people only knew. they think i go out all this time with these hard core raunchy friends of mine, no, my friends gave up on asking me to go with them cuz they knew you would get mad, and they would have to listen to me complain about you being mad at me. my friends dont want to be around me, because of you, and thats fine, just wish you knew and stopped bitching about my friends. cuz i love yours so much.they are my favorite people in the whole world. i almost never leave my house, i cant drive now, and where would i go, my friends dont bother. so get off my ass, why dont you learn how to drive then? im not rich, my family is not goign to get me a car, you life isnt harder than anyone elses. everyone has their things going on. god damn. and i wish they would stop thinking that it will fix its self. and they would stop looking forward to future things, because this time in life is supposed to be one of the most fun, and you passing it by because you are whining all the time.high school used to be so fun. what the hell happened. this is one of the best times, barely any responsibility, all these people, you see your friends everyday, you meet new people everyday, your gonna have to go to school later on in college too, so why think that it is gonna be any different. the coolest times are passing us up right now. maybe if they even liked one thing that i like we could go off of that, but right now im at loss, im sure there are a bunch, but not the most important i guess, colorguard, church, guitar, tv, school, whatever. its pointless. they are driving me nuts. they dont make sense to me most of the time. i just dont get it, they want to graduate and grow up and have some serious thing, but they are still so immature about other things, you cant just skip all the steps inbetween. there are a lot of things that build up to that, and whatever. this is too much to explain right now. ive been thinking it all, but i cant get all of it to make sense right now.