
I am frustrated and angry enough to want to cry right now, despite being in the middle of class. We had our Psych 101 midterm today. I did well on the questions I had enough time to answer. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to even start on the last page of the exam. That's at least six questions completely gone, zero credit. I'll be lucky if I manage to pull a C.

I hate this feeling of inadequacy that I'm wrestling with now. I knew the material, in fact, it seems (from speaking with my class mates) that I knew it better than most. I'm being penalized for being thorough. I am being penalized for writing in full and coherent sentences. I'm being penalized for labeling my graphs. I'm being penalized for explaining terminology that others just blindly dashed down, often (by their own admission) without even understanding what they were writing about. I am being penalized because I actually took the time to write thoughtful answers. Those who finished the exam claim that they just wrote whatever popped into their head, rushing through to get something written under each question before the time was up. Perhaps I was stupid not to use their strategy. Caring enough to give good answers crippled me. I feel like an idiot. I also seem to be one of the only people in the class who were faced with this problem. I guess I just can't compete.

I'm going to get a C on this major exam and it's going to sink my grade for the class. Even if I manage to get an A on the next exam (unlikely if it is anything like this one) and an A on the final project, I'll still only manage an A- or  B+ in the class. That will drop my 3.9 GPA and I will no longer be graduating Summa Cum Laude, thus losing one of the very few edges I held in the game of graduate school admissions.

I've been having to bite back the urge to start sobbing since I left the class room. I strongly suspect that when I get home I will have to take a long cry to get this out of my system. Academics have always been one of my few strong points; thus, a failure is made all the more devastating. Unfortunately there is nothing to be done about it now. I can't help but feel helpless, and I can't help but feel hopeless. I hate that.