OMG! Mom's are such a pain!!!!!
BIG Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!! My mother is the most self center bitch i kno!!!! I know that sounds mean but if you knew her you would probably say the same thing!! Ok my sister mary wants me to spend the night with her at her home... Well i said i would do it and then talking to my mom a couple hours later I let it slip that i was going to spend the night with her!! STUPID me!!! My mom got sooo mad becuase I am going ot go see my sister!!! Why you ask My mom is mad with my sister because she never comes to see my mom and bring the baby... basically my mom feels shut out! but the way my sisters and i see it the damn road goes both ways! she has  a car and can come visit anytime she pleases but she does not do it!!

She says she doesnt have the gas to drive up to Mary's house a see her but Mary has a 1 yr old kid and hasnt got the money to come down and see my mom and who would want to anyway!! The house is nasty it smells really bad of smoke and its dirty most the time becuase us kids are except for krissy who is left to basically clean up after a 40 yr old woman who acts 16!!! Sorry mom but you need to go the hell up and start acting like a mom!! Of course i would never tell her that to her face!! she prolly beat me or something!

I hate going home to and I went down to housing today to fill out a request to stay on campus during holiday break but since i live within the county I had to write an email to the area coordinator explaining why I needed to stay on campus... I didnt want to tell them why but Ifelt that it was better to tell them what goes on it that house rahter then stay there!! I mean previous years weren't so bad because i could hop on a bus and leave but wit the way the bus runs by the new house I cant do that... dont indenpendtly anyway as i would have to cross a really busy street... lol and if i attempted that on my own with my VI lol I'd be road kill!! 

Hopefully they let me stay if not I'll find somewhere to go! lol hey maybe I will visit china... ok well not china buut someplace!