People suck.
A long, long time ago, in a city far away, I had a First Ever Boyfriend who would occasionally be driving along the road with me clinging to his elbow like the infatuated little schoolgirl I was, and he would stop for a herd of large, well-dressed people to make their way from the exit of Wal Mart to their oversized SUV which was double-parked in two handicapped spaces, and he would yell, "PEOPLE SUCK!" I don't actually think this, but I'm beginning to understand the sentiment. Seems to me that now and again I get really really frustrated with everyone else, and I just think to myself, damn them, why don't they GET it? And then I say to myself, you fucking idiot, like you get it any better. I seriously don't know - I undoubtedly have blind spots as to where all my weakness and ignorance is - I probably get angry when people point them out to me, but I value it in the end - but the thing is, dammit, I have a circle of 'friends' who pretty much doesn't seem to have any real ability to be, well, friendly. Luckily this isn't my only circle of friends, but although they are perfectly nice people and they are never mean or nasty or evil, they just seem - empty. They party, they watch movies, they indulge in various (perfectly legal) mind-altering substances, and they talk about other times when they did the same thing, and laugh about it, and there's no soul there. And then I have other friends who very much have souls but they spend them criticizing people for not being like them, they are so wrapped up in the 'us-against-them' bullshit that it's degenerated to a 'go team' kind of attitude, both on 'my' side and the other people's, and there's no room for compromise or peace between differing viewpoints. I'm talking here generally about the people I know who have religious or political differences with other people. One of them is actually my mother. The most damage that's been done personally to me, in my life, by politics has been the animosity that is created by differing opinions on the subject. I occasionally hear as I scan across the ether, despite my best efforts not to, a blip from a certain radio station which will remain nameless, denouncing 'science' - evil bad horrible science, how dare it exist. Then I go hang out with people who denounce 'religion' - evil bad horrible religion, how dare it exist. I talk to old people, and it's all fa-la-la, what-a-nice-young-lady, so-polite, and then they ask what I'm studying, and oops! she's one of those Evil Computer People. My job was stolen by a computer. I don't care for those new-fangled contraptions. The world could run perfectly well without those, you know. I don't know anything about THAT, too complicated for little ol' ME. I get the sort of reaction one might expect when telling a bunch of old people one makes a living as a porn star. I think I WILL start telling old people I'm a porn star, actually. I think they might be more amenable to that. Okay, this tangent has gone way too far, and I think I'd better actually get some work done now, before the sun has turned to shade. You all suck, but I love you. Bye.